If you were looking for someone who is eager to have children and be a stay at home parent, and therefore needed a provider… Then sure, lead with your salary. 

If what you want is a partner who is also independent and driven, lead with that.
Shitty behaviour on that first date sounds like… dating. Just. The risk of dating. And not really a political leaning issue. 

Maybe you want to enforce a bit more chatting before agreeing to meet.
14 years ago I sucked it up and met his ex. I was nervous and threatened, but she was good people. I didn’t always like their dynamic, but it was a friendship, no doubt. 

6 years ago she was the only one who asked me if I was okay. She was concerned about how she saw me being treated that relationship.

4 years ago when he and I broke up, she was the second person I called after my own mother. Since these she’s been one of the first I’ve called for every major life event. We’ve flown across the county 5 times for long visits. 

I know it’s not everyone’s experience, but it’s hard when I see these sorts of questions not to imagine how much poorer my life would be without her in. Love didn’t last forever, but our shitty ex boyfriend had excellent taste in women.
It's not your fault that this adult person doesn't make good choices to care for himself.

Or kind choices, when it comes to how he treats you.

No matter what your flaws were, what he did texting you a year later and then blocking you was unkind. Don't feel guilty. Be slightly pissed with him. He lobbed an emotional grenade at you either because he didn't realize he wasn't actually capable of speaking with you, or, because he just wanted the drama. Even if it wasn't completely intentional attention-seeking and shit-disturbing, it still was unkind.

You already had this figured out: He's not sad *because of you*. He's sad because he has a toxic and untrue story *he tells himself about you*. He's cast you as a character in his personal pity play. It's not really about you. You're not doing anything to him. He's doing it to himself and then making bad choices that make you seem complicit, but you're not. It's a character he likes to make you play, but you're not person he is making you out to be.

Give yourself a break and let it go.
If you don’t trust her judgment, don’t date her.

It’s okay to be uncomfortable, but that’s a problem you solve by leaving a relationship that doesn’t work for you, not by insisting her ignore her own judgements about someone she’s known for years. 

They are barely in contact. At this point, you’re being absurdly insecure.
You should be waiting for the other shoe to drop.

Maybe it won’t. But the odds aren’t good, and you shouldn’t be putting you faith in this change. 

Right now you are performing service, a lot of a highly feminized, and necessary, sort of service for him. He’s comfortable with you in that role. He likely feel grateful, but also he is under no work stress or financial stress, and he’s probably a bit dependent on you still. 

As he becomes more independent, and needs to return to work, it is likely he will return to past behaviours.

You are right to be skeptical, and you should speak with him about your concerns that he will “change back” as soon as he’s placed under stress, or his need of you is less.
"I'm pretending to have valid criticism of social media and how many men engage with it, but really I'm just shaming and insulting women who don't arouse me personally."
Ditto. My 30s have brought me more attention from men than my 20s ever did, and a little bit of it is even *gracious* and *positive* in ways it never ways in my 20s. 

A man on the street yesterday eyed me over and I was ready for the hit but he said "Those shoes, that hair, those sunnies. You're pure joy today!" and then he *just kept walking*. No demand for further attention or time. He *actually just complimented* me. It is mindblowing to remember it is possible to say something to a woman you don't know that was only meant to lift them up, and not to disempower them or remind them that they are a sexual option for you...
The quick trick that often helps is to NOT say “What you’re doing won’t get you what you want!” But to say “Are you sure that is what you want? Because it doesn’t seem to me, that what you’re doing right now is moving you towards that.”
>I don't want her to doubt herself

It's okay for people to doubt themselves if their current choices aren't lining up with what say they want to achieve. It's okay to ask questions and point out that what they say they want isn't lining up with what they are doing. That is exactly the moment you need to doubt yourself a bit, and re-consider either what you're doing, or what it is you *actually want*.
I'm not sure what you're looking for.

You've described a person who knows why she is dating (for fun, experience and status, not a serious partnership) and is choosing this for herself. On balance, she sounds content. That's fine. The only real problem here is that you think the younger person easily mistakes the *appearance of maturity* in an older person, for actually being mature.

That's not unique to young women dating older men. We all do make that mistake from like, 5 years old to 50 years old, with our teachers and bosses and parents. Everyone older than us. We have to be constantly remembering and re-learning that isn't the case, and most of us struggle with that lesson in our teens and 20s.

I'm not sure what elaboration you're looking for. I'm talking about misogynistic comments about women over 30 -- and you're talking about your one friend's personal, pretty self-aware dating choices at this moment in her own life. I think you might be at risk of being overinvested in this one person's dating life and looking to draw more connections that actually exist.
Because 30 often actually equals = Sufficient life experience and a wide enough list of her own responsibilities already to be fully over your crap.

I watched nearly all of the women in my peer group get into thier 30s and realize they have been lied to. Men aren't overgrown eight-year-olds with sex drives, but competent human beings who can manage their own shit and be expected to treat us as human beings. The incels like to frame this realization as a hatred for men, but honestly, I'm not sure I really loved any of the men in my life until I realize this was true for all of them. They can do it. Many choose not to. 

I also watched my twin brother go through the realization that women are not stupid dependants, and decide he wanted a partner who saw him as a person first, and not a stoic provider. It does cut both ways, but like most misogyny, it cuts more women deeper and in a more deadly way, so we react more strongly.
It'll be much easier for you to not have contact with her mother, when she's not locking herself in a hotel room and refusing to communicate with you, and others.

"I understand how you are feeling, but we are teenagers and you were in crisis. I was scared, your mother involved me, and *I needed support and communication* from the adults involved. In that moment, those adults included your Mom. Expecting me to ghost your mother during that situation when I was scared, your mother was scared, and you were refusing to communicate with either of us, is not fair to me."

You were not doing what her ex did and sharing her secrets. 

She had created a high-stress situation where no one could have thought clearly about her boundaries because they were addressing her behaviour. If she wants to be *angry with her mother for involving you*, she needs to take that up with her mother. Once you were involved, expecting you to ghost her mother during that situation is ridiculous. If she wants things handled differently, she has a lot of power in the future to behave differently herself and bring the panic and drama down like nine notches.

Don't grovel. Acknowledge her feelings, but be clear: You behaved reasonably in an unreasonable situation, and if she doesn't like it, she needs to not put other people in that situation.
I mean, we make fun of men for not knowing how much work goes into the 'no make-up/natural look' but self-gratifying little liars like this aren't helping anyone.
These Asshats "All men are inherently violent and sex-starved animals, not be trusted around the women I have assigned value to." 

Also These Asshats "I don't understand why the woman won't give me the benefit of the doubt!? I'm actually a nice guy who just believes-when-it's-convient-for-him that all men are violent, sex-starved animals! These women must be worthless sluts who only want violent, sex-starved animals!"
You need to let the blame go for good, before you talk to her. This should not be you picking a fight and behaving like she did a bad bad thing to you.

This should you be letting her know you didn’t like how you left the subject, and letting her know what your beliefs and insecurities are, and then listening to hers sincerely and with the assumption she’s a decent person who isn’t out to get you, but actually wants mutual understanding as well.

If she wants an exact talley or your number is too high for her, then you’re just not compatible. No one is wrong or evil. You’re just wrong for each other.
You’re absolutely overthinking, and ascribing malice where there may only be understanding between longterm friends. 

The look was just as likely, if not more likely, to be about your GF being chronically late than about you telling. 

And yes, a couple bickering in a group setting is awkward, or can be charming or even annoying. That is a thing you should try not today do… but these level of sensitivity is excessive.

You cannot share your own frustrations — like her being late — and bicker like that in front of them, and then be frustrated when people feel they have insight. Recognize you have helped to create this dynamic, and that you are probably misreading it and assuming there is way more negativity in it than there is.

You need to get your own brain in order. Your friends didn’t do anything to you.
What she is telling you now, is that from the beginning she was manipulative, game-playing and testing you. She downloaded Tinder only because she wanted you to respond a certain way, and now she’s calling it “cheating” that you treated her like she was an honest person who said what she meant. 

Now, she is either for a excuse to blame you and keep you insecure in this relationship, or an excuse to break up with you. 

Either way, this woman has told you that she’s the one, who from the beginning, was being unkind and reasonable — and plans on continuing that way. 

Don’t be in that relationship. If it’s a break up, great. That’s the right outcome here for you.
So you believe she was wrong to ask, AND your answer was perfect, AND you are still twisting yourself into knots because of the ways you are assuming she might have interpreted your ideal answer? 

Give your head a shake. This is not about her right now. Her asking isn’t the issue you’re working through right there. 

Your partner isn’t responsible for addressing every passing bad feeling you’re having, and certainly not for reading your mind. 

She didn’t do you wrong — she just did something that didn’t work for you — but if you want to build something real with her you need to actually talk to her about your beliefs and insecurities.
This. I’d be so frustrated by his cowardice and avoidance right now.

It’s been fives days _he had said nothing_?

That bodes really poorly for his ability to be accountable and make change.

My ex did this. He’d blow up over a game, or us running late, over a miscommunication or at a Uber driver or waiter and withdraw for days. Then he’d suddenly become cuddly and affection-seeking. I mistook this for an apology for the longest time, but he never apologized. He was just self soothing, taking a time out and pressuring me into providing him with validation when he was done seething about it.

Definitely talk to him about. Maybe including your disappointment at needing to broach the subject and do the emotional heavy lifting here, when he was the one who behaved poorly.
Nope. Probably not gonna work out. Might! Anything might, but the odds are bad.

Relationships can go through periods of reduced contact, by mutual agreement. That is tough, but can be workable if both people know what they've actually *agreed to*. Specifically. Like how many calls/texts in a week are expected, and visits, if any. 

But if you and she cannot agree what a committed, girlfriend/boyfriend relationship looks like during these next six months, then it's a breakup. And attempts to stay in contract, without those sorts of very clear agreements on what that contact looks like exactly, are just gonna cause drama and hurt feelings. 

If you can't have those tough conversations about your needs and how much contact/time is needed to maintain this connection, then it's a breakup, and it's more likely than not to remain one in six months time.
Why stay in a relationship with someone who you need to ignore, in order to maintain really basic self-esteem? Why do you have to *show him* these comments don't impact you? What does that achieve? They do impact you. Because of course they do. You're human. You *pretending better* that they don't hurt isn't going to stop the comments, or improve anything. 

You can't keep drinking position every day and only wonder how to feel better or pretend to feel better, about drinking poison every day. 

Drinking poison every day is gonna cause pain. 

If your man is posioning you every day, get rid of him.
Yeah. That's not a blip.

That's a self-absorbed jerk who isn't just rejecting you or giving you pointers, he's outright insulting you. 

I have never called someone I love 'a horny mess' *except* as a compliment.
You tell your friends you don't particularly want to hang out with him in a group setting, and ask them if it's something that is a priority for them during the trip. 

You're not selfish for not exposing yourself to a situation you reasonably believe you will not find pleasant or enjoyable.

If you actually want to have a coffee with him, say so. But you don't, do you? Not really. That's fine. Give yourself permission to close this door and if your friend would really like to grab a drink with him, take yourself to a show or something. Everyone will be fine. They are grownups and can make choices about how they spend their energy. Just like you can.
>Everything that he used to say he likes I do and now he's telling me he hates it and it's killed the mood.

Is this what he's actually saying? Have you told him this is how you're experiencing his behavior/rejection of you?

Because a person who cares about you, and wants to have mutually enjoyable sex with you, should be appalled. If my partner said this to me I'd be devasted and willing to walk through fire to correct that, and work with them on our sex life. 

He should not want to say things that leave you with this impression.

Is it possible this isn't a blip, and you're boyfriend is behaving like a real piece of shit right now in more ways than just boundary-busting texts?
This is unlikely to work.

If you're broken up, then you're broken up. And six months is a long time to be broken up. 

If she has limited time, you'd both be better of discussing what the relationship needs to look and behave like within those limits.

It you break up, then you're broken up. And those regular calls and texts are more likely to hurt than anything else, because the expectations will be completely unclear.
Hun, I say this with love, but ya ain't teenagers. Some dry list from Cosmo in the 90s ain't gonna feel very validating. 

You need think first about what makes you feel sexy. Odds are very, very good that anything that makes you feel good about yourself, even just a bit, will work for him just dandy.

Also, the dumbass is a 34-year-old man. He needs to be able to tell you what really gets his engine running. And you need to consider what on that list, overlaps with the kinds of things that might make you feel confident. If something on his list is revolting to you, ignore it. Easy. 

Focus on what piques your curiosity or makes you feel sexy or even just pleasantly silly.
This is disrespectful and bullying behavior.

Don't try to make him understand you are right.

Require him to acknowledge he is harming his very new relationship with you when he refuses to listen to you and treat your opinions with the respect they deserve.
Red flag.

He's 32. Even if this is a thing he wants he should know that a.) it is objectively fast and b.) that he shouldn't be using his past, or his hurt, to pressure you.

Don't try to read his mind. Speak for yourself, today.

You're not doing that. It's too soon for you. 

He doesn't need to understand. He needs to show he can respect a simple, reasonable boundary. You're not ready to discuss moving in together.
Don't do it. The truth won't help you much, if at all. Far more likely this will delay your healing and cause a spiral. 

Not knowing is the hardest part.  I'll never ask my ex though. I enjoy him not being part of my life too much, and there would be no reason to believe any answer he gave. He'd lie either to protect himself, or to wound me. 

Real closure comes when you just let go of what you can never know for sure, and accept they have nothing for you, nothing you either want or need.
You're off limits. Do not do this.

You have every reason to believe this contact would be unwelcome.

Your motivations are purely self-serving. This is not just a geunie Thank You. It it an attempt to re-engage someone who has made it very, very clear they do not want contact with you. No matter how much you claim it's not an attempt to get her attention and validation and renew contact with her, it is exactly that and everyone involved knows it.

She has no obligation to address your experiences or your personal growth.

Also, it's been two damn months. Your self-reported change is just not believable. I am sorry, but as an outsider looking in the idea that you have made significant lasting changes in two months is an absurdity. No reasonable person would extend you the kind of benefit of the doubt you're looking for. 

Do not do this.
End it.

He's holding a gun to the head of the relationship because he doesn't like how you engage with your parents. That's lunacy and not fixable. 

Maybe you do need new strategies for dealing with your parents, but you'll get those in therapy, not from an overbearing BF.
No. She's not wrong for asking.

It was a disagreement. A moment of imperfect compatibility between your views. It wasn't a violation *to ask*.

It's okay for her to have questions that make you feel momentarily uncomfortable.

It's also okay to not answer.

It's okay for a couple to disagree on subjects like this.

You feel icky about it because you didn't express your disagreement.

You feel like shit because your own actions didn't line up with your own beliefs.

That doesn't mean she was wrong *for asking*. It means you didn't recognize and honour your own beliefs and boundaries when she did. And that is a shitty feeling, but it's not once she forced on you. She just asked. You didn't handle the question the way you would have liked to. That doesn't make her the bad guy for asking.
It's dealt with.

Your fiancé has told her that her behaviour changes nothing. 

She gets to have her little pity party, and you and your fiancé get to ignore her. 

There is nothing to deal with right now. Let her sulk. As things progress, your fiancé can inform her of what his expectations of her are in terms of her behaviour and you can discuss what the next steps are if she continues to make inappropriate comments. 

You can't prove to her that you don't 'hate his family' because it wasn't a reality to begin with. She won't respond to evidence or argument, so the answer from your fiance is simply "I don't agree and that and if you are going to keep saying it, I am going to stop speaking with you." I

It's not a problem you have to solve that she *feels badly*. She gets to go off and sit in the corner and feel as shitty as she wants to. She just doesn't get to throw her verbal shit at either of you.
"I do not like women who are not quiet and slightly fearful of me."
Hah. The too blunt makes me laugh. Like you want us to be gentler and more subtle about the fact we’re fully human? 

I hope people who say that really mean the satire wasn’t always on point, and sometimes fell a bit flat or got cluttered in so many unresolved plot lines. I’d agree with that, but even without sharing your thoughts perspective entirely, “blunt” sounds like tone policing to me.
Immediately skeptical. 

Abusive people can weaponize anything — so sure, possible — but when I listen to men who have been abused, I don’t hear this phrasing. 

This phrase belongs to men who have been dumped, by someone who didn’t want to have sex with them, or who choose to stay in a relationship where there was obvious sexual incompatibility, not struck with a weapon.
That’s certainly how I took it. I thought those last two mins or so were some of the best satire in the movie. 

I also thought it was a great way to make the viewer confront their own sense of injustice for the Kens. They only got a bit of token representation? Ok, what do you want? Immediate parity regardless of qualification or experience? Affirmative action? Reparations or redistribution? Tell me _exactly how equity should have been immediately achieved_ for the Kens and then tell me why it wouldn’t be appropriate in “the real world”.
>No poor man is going to complain when people start liking them for his wealth

Basically every study on lotto winners would directly dispute this.
I know you don't want to hear this, but you do need re-evaluate how other people may experience your words, because it really doesn't take much.

You got piled on here, and that sucks, but the take away could be that when you're honest about your beliefs about other women, it really turns a lot of other women off. So you either need to change how you speak about other women, or how you think about other women. Or both. Or you'll continue to struggle to connect.

I believe you when you say you don't think you're doing it, but I doubt it's true. I doubt, based on how you choose to speak here, that you've just been unlucky 100% of the time. Possible! But at 29? Not super likely that it is entirely, everyone else, who is the problem.

With men, you can reflect these sorts of passive negative attitudes about other women being jealous or belittling and they'll pretty much never call you on it. They tend to agree and be open to that framing of women and their friendships. And these comments can be super subtle. Your version of speaking normally may include assumptions and biases you're not able to see right now. You really should keep an open mind on this one. With women you haven't built a secure connection with and a foundation of trust, the words you've used here, are only going to inform them that you are exactly that kind of woman that you are trying to avoid.

Adult women who don't like those mean girl vibes are *really* hyper-sensitive to them and will withdraw their emotional effort incredibly quickly if they get a whiff of it. The judgement might not be fair, or snap, or shallow, but it's also strong and in self-defence. Much the same way you're sensitive to feeling belittled or competed with. If you find you are only encountering women who hand over those sorts of bad vibes, and aren't ever connecting with ones who don't, you're doing yourself a disservice by not looking inward at this point.

Or, just decide not to pursue female friendships at all! Which is a choice I think is totally valid. Opting out, is always an option. Opting out, actively and without resentment, can even sometimes even be a good way to release irrational assumptions that are impacting you. It sounds like you may have experienced that, when it comes to dating men.
Yes! The movie took several well aimed swings at 'wokeness'. I don't know what they are about either... 

I literally saw a random guy this morning posting, and getting a lot agreement, that the Barbie movie was proof no one cared about men's mental health.

And I'm baffled because a.) Barbie did a way better job addressing men dealing some valid, big feels than average and b.) it would never have occurred to me to whine that Misson Impossible didn't adequately address abortion rights.
I mean, the legitimate thing you need to do with that sort of feedback is go "Okay. You're not able to reflect in a helpful way on this, or we're just not compatible. Either way, okay. Byeeee!" 

Most people you ask for this sort of feedback aren't gonna be able to reflect on it very well. It's why I rarely bother. It's tough to find someone who a.) doesn't like you much and b.) is able to reflect thoughtfully and generously enough to explain why in a way that is helpful.
This might be a good example of a self-fulfilling prophecy.

You can justifiably *disagree* with this take, but this assumption of extreme malice, and intensity of response, is going to continue exactly the dynamic you want to avoid.

Any woman who is not into this energy, giving or receiving it, is gonna do exactly what u/Winnimae said, and probably just quietly stay away from you. You think you're defending yourself, but all you're doing is making it clear you're not safe to engage with. The women who are gonna continue to engage with you after being on the receiving end of this sort of response, would only be assholes who like the drama.

I disagree that you need to speak to the women who feel wronged by you. Some, if not most of them, probably were assholes. Lots of people are. But you do need to refine your asshole-detection (both by not over-applying the 'belittle' and 'jealous' labels, and also by just not engaging when you feeling those labels do apply) because choosing to respond to this, and respond in this way, was a misfire and the kind of thing that is gonna reinforce your existing patterns, and keep you feeling isolated.
>Unfortunately, it creates a self-fulfilling prophecy because you end up attracting exactly the kind of people who will mistreat you as a matter of course.

Exactly, cause the only woman who is going to say "Oh TOTALLY! Women are ALWAYS jealous of me too! Teehee." are the women who are gonna pull exactly the sort of shit OP wants to be avoiding.
Personal reflection, not medical advice.

Most of my cycles are fine, but every once and a while I have a rough one, and a muscle relaxant like Robax gets me through. It doesn't actually stop the cramping -- it doesn't impact those muscles -- it just stops it from impacting your skeletal muscles as much, so your back and shoulders and hips. All the other places where you feel it or get tight with the stress of it. That's what I really need, not the cramping itself, but the way the bad cramping causes the rest of my body to seize and sort of echos through. Since you said the walk is stressing you out, it might be a thing to give a try but if you've never taken them before I wouldn't take 'em until you're safely at home. They might zonk you out a bit.

I'd call it if you can. You *might* even find the walk helps.
Honestly, the only reason to see it right now is to best appreciate them losing their shit over it. 

My two cents: It's a *good* movie. A few laugh-out-loud moments, but it was also kind of all over the place, it was at least 25 minutes too long, with too many plotlines that didn't quite come together in the end. 

The way these guys are twisting themselves in tantrums though, that's the real show this week.
Yes! She very clearly validated his feelings, apologized for her wrong-doings, clarified her feelings for him, broke up with him, and gave him some really good advice on finding his worth as an individual. This is like, a B+ break up at least. 

Which this man can clearly see is not Barbie just being a decent person to another person, but is actually Barbie 'abandoning Ken to ride the cock carousel' and refusing to fulfill her assigned feminine role as Ken's personal therapist and sex object.
He's not misleading you or trying to tell you half-truths.

He's told you the exact truth, and drawn a clear, reasonable boundary.

I really don't know what you don't understand. He is ashamed. It's dirty. He doesn't want it to reflect on himself and how you see him. You've gotten the message. More clearly than most people would offer it. And it makes total sense.

It is a reasonable feeling you cannot cure him of, or declare yourself magically exempt from. It's a boundary you need to respect.

Even if you cannot perfectly comprehend everything that is true for him, it's time to accept this as true for him and lay the hell off of it. I really don't know why you think it would need any further explanation or any challenging at all.  It doesn't.  You're 22. His parent's home shouldn't be central to his self-identity, even if he's stuck living in it for a while longer.

If you are worried about his comfort in your parent's home, *ask him* if he is worried about anything about the visit. Don't micromanage or assume, *ask*. Tell him if something does comes up, tell him you hope he'll share it with you so you can support him and help him figure out any norms/expectations that are unique to your family. All families are unique. Meeting them is stressful. It's not just a class/wealth thing.
I think the third possibility is a bit of bad luck, with some poor boundaries with asshole women, which has been turned itself into a self-fulfilling narrative.

u/Crofty_girl, by the time I hit my late 20s, women who told me they had no female friends or that said things like "women have always been horrible to me for no apparent reason" were huge red flags and reason enough in themselves to avoid friendship with that woman. Like honestly, if you told me what you said above over coffee, I'd be cooling it with you big time.

I know it's not fair, but I've also been burned by women in friendships -- we all have -- and a lot of us have been burned by people who talk like that about other women.

If you are ever giving new potential women friends in your life the vibe or the narrative that you suspect all women of jealousy and drama and betrayal, then the mature and secure women who are not inclined to that behaviour are more likely to *avoid* you, not step up to prove you wrong about themselves. 

I'd suggest you reconsider and maybe reframe this as an issue of your own people-pleasing urges, and struggle to select your friends well. Instead of an issue of other 'women always do X.'

If we had coffee and you said "I've made some bad choices with female friends in the past and accepted treatment I shouldn't have." it'd be taken 100% differently than "Women are always jealous of me."
No no no! It is stated that *someday* the Kens will enjoy the same equity that women do in the real world.

Which is the finest shade in the whole film.
Barbie is gonna keep this sub lively for a while. 

Besides the obvious, I cannot imagine what an idiot you have to be to believe that Barbie was still *individually responsible* for Ken's well-being at the end of that movie.
You're unhappy. You're disconnected. Being 'grateful' for someone who cooks isn't gonna sustain a relationship. You're allowed to be not okay with cocaine use, even just a little. He doesn't get to declare it doesn't impact you, that is your call. 

Go to therapy alone, first. Decide if you actually want to work on this relationship or not.
They don't. Estrus is part of many female mammal cycles, but not in humans or the great apes. We're kind of an exception as mammals with placentas go, but we are the exception.

Some women do experience changes in their level of arousal or sexual interests at different points in their cycles -- and not always coinciding with ovulation -- but we do not experience "heat" like cats or horses. It's not a thing human bodies do.

Fun theory: The reason we don't need estrus is because we've used sex for bonding and pleasure for several hundreds of thousands of years. What he calls the 'a bonus' is likely why the biological function was not a necessary use of energy for the females of these species. But don't get at these types with any real evolutionary science, especially not the kind that says human women actually do like sex.
I honestly thought that was one of the things they got right and presidents/narrator’s responses were perfect! Cause otherwise we’re talking about affirmative action, EDI initiatives and possibly even reparations! Brilliant way to force the viewer to address their feelings of injustice when the Ken’s only get thrown a bone/token representation — and in a world where they were, by systemic design, utterly incapable and locked out of any leadership roles.
'The Patriachy' looked fun and appealing?

I mean, yes, in the world of Barbieland it was funny, but it also immediately dissolved into war and the complete breakdown of responsible governance the moment the Kens experienced some uncomfortable feels. So, yeah. Let's pass on that in a world with actual nukes.

I actually do agree that Ken had a wonderful beginning of an arc... of realizing that neither Barbie, nor the Patriarchy, was a replacement for basic self-esteem, autonomy and personal purpose. I don't feel like they totally hit the mark, but it was a great note for women at the beginning of their own feminist journeys -- the man you love won't save you, and 'Feminism' doesn't fix your life either. You, save you. Inside a fucked up and flawed system. 

I honestly didn't love the movie -- it was solid fun, but not brilliant -- but one of the best things was how they tried to let Ken be a PickMe who *began* \-- just began -- to see the error of that, but also didn't make Barbie solely responsible for fixing him or supporting him in this next stage.

It was pretty meta, but most of that flew right over this man's head I guess cause he still seems to think feminism is bra-burning and power suits, and cannot be not pink and sparkles.
It's been two years. He's not new to this. He's making an active choice to keep his relationship and his friend group entirely separate. He made that choice during a fight with you, and then he kept it up for months afterwards. 

And that is a valid choice a person can make, but that it doesn't mean you need to be okay with it. 

You need to put your FOMO aside. You say you're not entitled, but you are still talking about your sense of entitlement to 'being included on occasion' and that's not the issue and not something you get to control. You don't even actually want to be friends with these people! The only issue here is the way your BFs choices undermine your trust in him and don't help to create the kind of relationship you want to be in.

These people, these individuals, do NOT want to be your friends, and frankly, it doesn't sound like scapegoating. They don't like you. They don't want contact with you. As much as you don't want it to be relevant to your question, it is: Sounds like a few of them have good reason to simply not like you. And that's fine. They don't have to like you. The question is how your BF balances that. It's not a question of forcing them to include you on occasion.
If someone is scapegoating you here, it's your BF.

He's not just leaving the shit, he's the one who took the dump.

The group didn't do it. It didn't just happen. He did it.

'The group' isn't doing this to you. Your BF is. They don't have to like you. Them not liking you much can be totally fair but isn't even the core of the problem here. Sometimes we don't vibe with our partner's group and that's okay. You're not entitled to being one of the crew. They don't owe you any reply. It's not on them to do the work to be on friendly terms with you, if they don't want to. Reaching out to them directly because your BF is treating you poorly, was a mistake.

But that isn't all of what happened here and your relationship is absolutely not perfect if your BF is only able to maintain his close friendships by throwing you under the bus with them. It is reasonable, to fear that is what he has done.

You need to stop scapegoating 'The Group' or feeling entitled to inclusion with them. You're not. What do need to stand up for is your need to be respected and secure in your relationship with your BF. He's the one who has lost your trust and hurt you feelings because of how he's chosen to engage with these other people. 

This is 100% a choice your BF has made, and is keeping on making, to spend his time with people who you very reasonably fear blame you for all of his choices -- because that is exactly the dynamic your BF has encouraged from them.

He's playing them and you off one another to keep his life comfy, and his game is threatened if you actually encounter one another or treat one another with basic humanity.
I heard some of the same comments from men. They were baffled that the “Good Guys” didn’t immediately make full space at the top for the Kens, with total equity. 

So you mean affirmative action? With maybe some reparations? Redistribution of the dream homes perhaps? That penny dropping yet? 

Ken got more than a lot of women or POC ever gets when he got one apology and the external recognition there might be more to him as a person.
Telling someone not to eat poison is not the same as telling them you personally refuse to respect them as an individual human being based on their choice of clothing, and threatening that those other people who you are constantly empowering and educating to also not respect them, might do them harm.
Those are concerning things to “like” about Oppenheimer. 

Not the human innovation, collaboration and achievement. Not complex moral questions and big mistakes and scientists struggling with how truth is used by power? 

Nope. Men just like the big bang and blood bath eh? 

They think so little of their own.
Bullshit. 

She didn’t _know_ until she was told. He was sparing only himself. He didn’t tell her so he didn’t have to do the work and face the risks and consequences of his actions.
No. 90% of men struck by lightning were fishing, golfing or playing another sport at time. 

As per usual, it their own fucking machismo that gets em.
I think the relationships that never quite happen are the hardest to get over. You stay stuck in the honeymoon phase, the WhatIf phase. You don't know their shitty habits and bad choices yet. 

So probably, a bit yeah, but realistic? Less than you are. 

What's important now is you figuring out why you're having trouble letting *your fantasy of* this woman go. Because you barely knew her. It's the fantasy, the hope, the WhatIf of it all you're hung up on, not the person. Ask yourself why.
Red flag might be a bit much for that comment (other things are def red flags here) but it was one sign among many this guy is going to be ongoing problem in any healthy, transparent relationship agreement.
“Not surprised, but wouldn’t want to picture it” isn’t a healthy place for a man who is already messing around behind your back. I’d expect a comment more like “I’d be happy for you if you were also getting off while I was gone, even if I’m nervous/fearful of hearing about it.”

Overall, you’re just not dealing with a man who is anything like a good headspace to be your partner in non-monogamy, even if non-monogamy doesn’t bother you, or even works for you.
This is as big a deal to you, as it is to you. I don’t think anyone else could make that call.

Some artists really like having a clear separation between their partner and their work, others couldn’t bear that. You’ll have to figure out which one you are.

You could also speak to him about his boundaries and limits in storytelling. If you think of his as your audience, some of the time, you may find it rewarding to learn what he prefers and where he draws the line. For some, it can be a good challenge to write within guidelines. Very good practice if you want to write professionally — you’ll often have guidelines.
For context: I have been in ethically non-monogamous relationships, and I would dump this man. 

You had a reasonable understanding you were monogamous — trust doesn’t work on technicalities, you both knew he what he was  implying was different than what he was doing — and he made you do the work of catching and confronting him. Coward, as well as liar. 

And he’s already warming up to the argument “It’s okay if I do it, but not if you do it.” 

It’s okay to have a non-monogamous agreement, and when you choose not to tell him what you were pretty sure was up, you were kind of beginning that kind of agreement. However, since that he has shown you he’s not actually capable of it. Not in a respectful or healthy way. 

He made you take on the tough emotional work of his breaking the exclusivity agreement. When you do become upset (and at some point, you will because that is all relationships, monogamous ones and otherwise) he will turn around and tell you it’s your own fault. This is not a man who is taking an accountability. He’s just fearful of you making him take any. 

I would expect right now you’re not upset because you’d already accepted his cowardice and his dishonesty, but I think need to realize now how much worse — not just if he keeps sleeping with others, clearly he is going to do that — but it gets if he continues to shove off all the work of addresses his betrayal onto you. It’s one thing to have low expectations of someone, it’s another to be cool with non-monogamy, but it’s a third entirely to be tied to be a person who cannot actually address and take account for their own choices.
I’m not calling you a woman hater. 

I’m calling you flawed. I’m saying you made a mistake and misogyny was a part of your error. 

What makes you dumb, in this specific case, is your refusal to even entertain it or be intellectually curious about it. You may be very smart man in other cases, but here you are being that.

I keep on telling you there were other, appropriate and respectful ways to end the conversations you were not finding pleasant or acceptable — but your just keep telling me why you don’t have to believe your sister.
What discussion do you want to have?

The real one where you were hurt and tired and lashed out in anger at your sister in way that was not productive, kind or even half as truthful as you tell yourself? Or the misogynistic discussion one where you keep telling us you were just being reasonable and she was too emotional and not to be believed?

Cause if you want to talk about how you were tried and fed up and hurt and did something stupid and damaging to your relationship, I’m here for it with nothing but support cause we’ve all been there. But if you’re only here to discuss how your sister wasn’t even abused and you’re the one magical person on this planet who totally immune from misogyny and were only being logical, go ahead and block me. I can’t offer you anything for that.

If you cannot acknowledge wrongdoing here, what advice/discussion is even possible? You’ve committed exactly the crime you accused your sister of.
You need an Airbnb or friend's couch for a few weeks, or a safe place to park overnight. It's really that simple, isn't it?

And you need legal advice.

It gets confusing here which house is the subject here, who owns what, and where the children are full-time, but if the house is yours that Josh is currently in, then you need legal support to get him out. If it's both yours and Josh, then you re*a*lly need legal advice. If your husband is still in the home you two shared with the children, you may have a legal right to be there but morally you'd be a nutcase to try to enforce that in this context. Neither of you should want any risk of Josh targeting the home the children are in. 

So, Airbnb, couch or car is what ya got.

You're not going to convince your STXHB this is okay. Nothing about this is okay.
You can take the first tiny steps. Start therapy, even if it's just over text message or Zoom.

Take some leave and visit family or friends, without her.

It's not your fault you're being abused. Abuse works because it is easy to feel beaten down and trapped, and it is hard to leave. That is how abusers get away with it. You're suffering because anyone in your position would be suffering. Abuse *hurts*. You're reacting like a perfectly normal person may react to extreme emotional abuse. 

Try to take some small little steps to crave out a separate space for yourself, with therapy (as a mental/emotional space) or by visiting friends/family without her. The small steps lead to bigger ones, and the direction you need right now is just away from her. So you can build up a bit more strength and get away for good.
'Me too. You should definitely ask me out.' or 'That sounds great! What are we gonna do on our date next time?'

You can probably afford to be a bit cheeky here when you put it on him to make the next plan/suggestion, while also reinforcing your interest in him.
Mostly it's not legal where I live.

So, I wore steel-toed boots for a long while when I worked the late shift and walked home. I have a knife but honestly, I've never considered it really for self-defence. It's just a tool I carry like a pencil and tap measure but in a pinch I guess I'd reach for it? I feel like most weapons are more likely to be turned on me.

But the boots, I used 'em twice. Would recommend, if they suit your lifestyle. Just a little bit of practice and the element of surprise becomes yours. I don't know what happened to the first guy, but the second guy I got pretty good in the shin and then flat of the palm to the face... he was still lying in the parking lot a half hour later so my buddy called an ambulance for him...
Because you won’t shut up about it. You seem to think it’s really, really important that she left a marriage where — by your standards and your report — there was absolutely no abuse or mistreatment. You’ve made sure to tell everyone that, repeatedly. You seem to think this is a very important justification for your behaviour. 

You literally say that fact is why you’re skeptical of her narrative. Skeptical of what exactly? Not sure. Why do you think that is such an important fact to undermine her and justify you? That she wasn’t beaten? 

And why do you continue to ignore the fact that this conflict — about you being tired of her venting — should have been addressed by admitting your own limits and preferences and making some boundaries on those conversations. That would have been the actual reasonable response to your actual problem. Instead, you declared yourself an authority on her marriage and attacked her character.

You were hurt by some of what she said, I get it, but you don’t seem to realize you were not beacon of logic here. That’s not what happened. You didn’t address your hurt. You made some shitty, hurtful and ignorant remarks, lashing out at her while angry and hurt yourself. .
I agree. That’s the point.

OP only blames his sister, only has awful things to say about her, without offering much evidence and really appears to think she wasn’t entitled to a divorce — or pain and anger — for anything less than abuse that rose to the level he had determined to be sufficient.

That’s misogyny. It just is. She may also be a shitty person — some women are — but OP tried to enforced standards on her due to her gender and went on a character attack about a subject he had limited information and a whole heap of bias about, and she was rightly having none of that shit. The fact that an unkind, gendered attack on her was the only tool he had to deal with conversations he didn’t want to be a part of (followed by a totally insincere apology a year later) is really sad. Damn adult man needs some better interpersonal skills.
I’ve read everything. You’ve repeatedly doubled down on your misogyny, including the belief she was too emotional to understand her own divorce, and that you naturally as a rational man, understood better plus the empty threats of physical violence if she had been abused in way a you considered worthy.  It’s such standard sexist scripting I’m embarrassed for you. 

The thing is, we are all prone to some amount of misogyny. It doesn’t make you a monster, it makes you a human being who was wrong. Repeatedly wrong, then and here. 

The fact you can’t accept that, and didn’t even bother to address my constructive advice about boundaries, suggests you will go on being misogynistic. Your lack of belief or even basic consideration of reality, don’t protect you from that, it indicts you.

It’s good you apologized, even if you didn’t mean it. It’s kind of ironic that you’re actually guilty of the exact thing you accused her of; an inability to acknowledge your own wrong doing and the limitations of your own perspective.
In your shoes I absolutely would bring it up with her, directly and in the framing of "I know it's not a thing eitherof us can solve, but Joe is clearly all up in feelings about BF planning to propose. I'm sorry he's stressing and I wish men weren't such drama llamas. How are you doing with it?"

This achieves a few things: One, it puts the reality out there on the table, but paired with the assumptions that you and she both know Joe is the one who is having Big Feels and behaving not so great. Two, it gives her a chance to share her own feelings, if she has any. Those feelings could be 'Yes. I wish we'd be engaged first.' or those feelings could be 'I cannot believe Joe is making this about you and your BF!' 

Your BF really should also tell Joe that No, actually on second thought he won't be giving him a heads up, because he's clearly a bit upset about it and that is not fair to anyone involved -- this is not about him, or about Mary. He can find out as the rest of the friends do, afterwards.
It sounds like you think he was blameless because he didn’t beat her. And she was only entitled to “abandon” him if he hurt her badly enough, according to your standards. 

_That_ is misogynistic. Do you really think your culture is free of misogyny? And you are also personally immune? Because you are clearly demonstrating you are not. 

It’s good you apologized. By your own description, you were the egocentric, difficult and misogynistic. That doesn’t make her perfect in her marriage — you don’t know that and never will — that just makes you specifically wrong in this conversation. 

You should have spoken up for your own limits and boundaries if you were finding these conversations draining. Not gone on the attack. It’s okay to not be available to someone for endless venting, but your attack on her character was informed by misogyny. Pretending it wasn’t makes you sound like an idiot.
If you’re invited, you’re invited.

If you want to ask him “Hey, you sure you didn’t want this to be a guys thing?” Then ask him, but he invited you. So probably not.
I have no difficulty seeing the difference between someone being objectively attractive, someone I might enjoy having sex with and someone being someone I would want to pursue any sort of sexual relationship with.

Most of my long-term friends aren't gonna fall into the middle of the Venn diagram, but a few might, and we may still just be good friends with the sexual attraction being a non-issue.

Maybe it's being bisexual, but this just doesn't confuse me any and I'm always shocked when it confuses others. Like, not having a crush can be tricky at times, but not having sex with someone, for any reason, isn't difficult at all. It's really not. And friendship is a series of chosen actions and mutual agreeements, not a passing thought.
Call the bluff.

If he needs to make you the very, very bad guy in every fight, address it head-on and tell him tha**t if that is honestly what he believes about you, he has no business dating you.** 

If that is who he *really* thinks you are -- someone who really intends to hurt him in that way -- then one of you needs to leave this. That is toxic for you both. It's toxic if it's true, and it's toxic if it's not. 

If he cannot believe you, or extend any trust to you when you speak about your own thoughts, but instead tries to force you to respond to his accusations and assumptions about your intentions and character, then **he really just thinks you're a shit human being.** 

He thinks he knows your mind better than you do, and that he has figured you out: You're shit. Doesn't matter what you say or feel. He knows that you're shit. 

And an adult man knows what he's doing with these attacks. on some level. He's going to keep doing it because the kind of relationship he wants to be in, includes calling his partner a shit human being whenever he doesn't get everything he wants.
Also, pregnancy.

Emotionally, I think my risk feels about the same or may even have gone down. Physically, my risk has gone way up, but not because I’m afraid of assault.
It does suck, but hopefully in a little while it’ll just become further validation for leaving a role where you weren’t really considered or met with much empathy beyond “Oh gee, I wonder what this means for her relationship?” And “Let’s start jostling for her position right under her nose.” 

Just sounds to me like you had correctly understood this wasn’t a place to make more meaningful connections. Give yourself a pat on the back, coast through it and focus on your own plans.
I’m sorry this happened to you.

I get the desire, but please realize that now that the reason you “mishandled” is cause your basically decent and reasonable. You cannot out-asshole him. He’s a bigger asshole than you’ll ever be with more natural skill. Nothing you will do can hurt and frightening him the way he’s hurt and frightened you. You don’t have that power over him. You probably cannot shame him or make him recognize wrong doing. Don’t try. It’ll only hurt you. 

My advice, text him back that you felt pressured to take his number but have found his comments about your age and your body inappropriate and unwelcome, and do not want to speak further. No I’m sorry. No thank you. Just “Do not speak to me again. Text or in person.”

Then when he blows up your phone with awfulness, send it to the gym and let them know why you either expect a full refund, or a promise that there is no risk of you ever encountering him on their property again.  

On the off chance he does the right thing and leaves you alone forever, then rest assured you’ve shamed him as much as was humanly possible. 

You’re only power is in being reasonable and letting other people see it, because men like this will not be. 

He is probably not a pedophile — it doesn’t help your cause to exaggerate, you’re not pre-pubescent — but he is aggressively targeting very young women at someone business. And if they don’t care, plenty of women on Yelp will.
Yeah. She’s broken up with him a few times, but mostly in comics that were published after Margot started playing her. I haven’t done a deep dive but I can only think of one break up that actually stuck, and took place before Margot’s version of Harleen in 2016. 

And I just don’t think the comics have the same impact on the culture the movies do in the 2010s and beyond. Not to take anything from the writers who were already contributing to the character’s shift, but they don’t make the same impact on the broad public. After Suicide Squad, that Robbie version was Harley Quinn, and even Suicide Squad has a bit of a hint of where they were going with her.
While I agree that people are going to become more skeptical, that is actually why the crime has to be the same whether the images are real or not.

Because the shame, the attack, is the point. Not the truth. The people who don't want to attack women, won't, even when the image is real. The people who do want to attack, and offend and shame, will, even when the image is fake.

The abuser is not disempowered as long as they find a welcoming audience, and when it comes to sexually degrading a woman, they will be able to find that still.

It may be extremely difficult to enforce, but that doesn't mean we don't acknowledge that it is a crime. Changing the tools doesn't make any other sort of crime okay. We wouldn't say "Oh we have deep fake voices now, so identity fraud over the phone is cool. Your fault if you recorded your voice too much, or didn't let the bank know not to give you access that way!"
Wild... I was just watching Secret Invasion and thinking "Wow. She still reads hella young for her age."
I never would have typecast Gosling as Ken, but on the interview circuit, he's clearly having the time of his damn life.
Yeah. I had liked Harley well enough in the cartoon as a little girl, but the early comics turned me off of the character, and off of DC entirely for a while.
No. She was a producer. I kind of skimmed over OP mentioning "a role" because I knew she was a producer, did some press for it, and that film uniquely pissed people off.

(Honestly, she has a producer credit on so much awesome stuff. Dollface and Maid jump to mind. Really hope she gets to take a crack at Tank Girl. Haven't heard much on that for a while...)
Margot's version is far, far less sexualized than nearly all of the comic books or video game versions of the character. Making your comparison only to the 1992 children's version is a bit disingenuous, and doesn't really speak to the fact that that version was still subjected to some transparently terrible physical and emotional abuse. The relationship wasn't healthier because her flesh was covered in a skin-tight suit (non-revealing, usually wouldn't make one think skin-tight by the by). 

It's perfectly accurate to say she desexualized the character pretty significantly at this point.

Sexualization isn't all about how much of a woman's mid-drift is showing.
Yeah. It would totally be unwatchably cringe. Probably even for a lot of those guys who are now deep into their 30s and 40s and who never thought about what they were actually looking at before. Abuse. Really transparent abuse.

I almost wish it was done so these men could see it through adult eyes and *some of them* would be able to reconsider. Like when he tossed her out of the window because she had almost beat Batman and his ego couldn't take it. Or the time she disappeared for a year and he didn't notice. Or the time she started to get a bit too independent for his tastes so he showed her all the corpses of the women he'd "loved" before who were dressed just like her. The carton was bad enough. The comics were *insanely* bad.
I think this was even Promising Young Women. Started before that. Margot Robbie reclaimed Harley Quinn -- from the manic-pixie who worshiped Joker's cruelty, toxicity and emotional terrorism of her and hyper-sexualized nympho -- and there are a huge number of millennial men who will never forgive her for HQ becoming a full, super-cool human being independent of her abuser. 

Plus there is this huge group of bitter men online that don't like that women *like* things, have full vivid internal lives, with formative experiences and fandoms from childhood to adulthood, and have real economic and cultural power now. They used to be able to gatekeep us out of their "real fandoms", but that is getting a bit less effective lately, so they need to burn down anything that sniffs of serious fandom or nostalgia and doesn't service them and only them
I'm glad you have a good care team and connected with someone right away on this for your ED. I'm exactly your height and weight and have the same BMI. if someone wrote that I appear, at a visual observation, to be my stated age and moderately obese, I'd just think *Yeah, as a visual observation, as something that appears to be true to an observer, that checks out*.

I'm not saying what the doctor did was okay, but I really don't know -- it certainly seems careless and like there should be better standards for noting those sorts of observations about a person's body -- but I think your disordered thinking is also trying to have it both ways. (Although I don't have an ED, my anxiety does this to me A LOT. Tries to make the bad thing simultaneously true as the real thing, to absolutely maximize my unhappiness.) If BMI is bullshit, and there is no clinical definition of obese that I'm aware of that isn't rooted in BMI. So it's bullshit. It's not a clinical fact and I'm not really certain it was being presented as one.

Fatphobic? Yes. Problematic? Yes. But "documented clinically false statement"? I think that might be the ED really getting its claws into you, and twisting you up and you might want to challenge the idea that that anything 'clinically true' could have been documented regarding BMI. In my mind, observation and appears is actually where that sort of thing belongs, not presented as as some sort of objective fact.
You talk about sex and partying with a ten-year-old? 

But putting that aside, these men don't seem to realize this is a really good way to ONLY attract profoundly immature women who do act out, and who cannot carry on adult conversations, because if you don't believe any other kind of woman exists, you will not recognize them and they will quickly decide to stay the fuck away from you.
I always enjoy the ones who run in and say body count is correlated to cheating when the strongest predictor of infidelity is... *being male*. Followed closely by having cheated in the past, and having come from a family of origin where the adults cheated. 

If you're arguing men shouldn't date women with 20+ partners because that risk of cheating is unacceptably high, you're also arguing women shouldn't date men. At all. If we're accepting those deeply flawed studies, that is how the pure maths actually breakdown. That's the comparable risk.
He’s just an asshole.

When he doesn’t have you anymore, he’ll blame it on the weather, or the economy, or his friends partners. You’re his emotional punching bag because he doesn’t want to take accountability for his own life.

If you’re not ready to break up, at least start inviting others to these activities with you and start living your own life again.
Regardless of the validity of her fears, I’d never recommend anyone marry someone who expresses their concerns through emotional manipulation and insults against culture/upbringing/character. There is no way this ends well if that is what she thinks, or how she fights.
All that work just to try to rob you of the delight you’re taking in your ignorance? And failing anyways because your position has little basis in reality to begin with? Nah. I can see how you’re treating others, so I’ll pass on that offer.
Yes. That was my vibe as well. Feels scammy, and not like there was anyway for OP to bring up it up without exactly this response. 

Someone who doesn’t want a prenup is fine. That’s not the marriage they want, I get it. But what was said here was exceptionally manipulative and designed to silence OP. 

Even making some allowances for English as a second language, this was an extremely emotionally manipulative and insulting response.  Sponsoring someone can be very expensive and very complicated legally. A prenup could protect them both and allow her more confidence in planning/building in her own life, even if the marriage doesn’t work out. A prenup cannot go below the legal minimums OP would owe and it might actually give her more protection if she choose to leave the country after a separation.
Found the person who had no idea what a prenup actually _is_ beyond what they read on Page 6.
That’s not just someone saying No to a prenup, that is someone who is gonna blame “the culture” anytime something comes up in this relationship she doesn’t like. She basically said you don’t have thoughts or values or feelings of your own… just a American culture she has contempt for.

She’s not just wrong, but she actually cannot be worked with to find a middle ground once she’s behaving that way. 

I’m a bit concerned how this LDR even began.
Do you mean, like, globally?

Cause yes, if you’re including women in developing nations you are unusual. 

In some MBA programs, you will also appear to be the minority. 

But 62% of master students in the US in 2022 were women. So no. You’re not that special.

And lots of complete morons making way less than 100k have MBAs.
I don’t think I missed it at all. I would just skip right to the walking away part because arguing is pointless, getting a big emotional reaction from you probably validating experience for them, and might even prolong or escalate the engagement. 

Once your trying to get the last word with a a crazy asshat, you’ve already lost as far as I can tell. So I avoid making any reply at all and if  absolutely have to, I don’t address their point. Just label my own situation.
I think that’s also okay: To say something like “I don’t really have the bandwidth right now to support you in your dating journey. Can we change the subject?” Or even and observation like “It seems like we’re retracing the same ground and I don’t have anything new to offer.”

At some point, the impact of the behaviour _on you_ is the same regardless of what she intends. It’s okay to have some boundaries and to admit when you’re not gonna be the best person to offer any support.
I think all you can is let her know her boundaries and standards are a bit outside of the norm, and she needs to speak up early on the first date if she wants verbal consent to any sort of touching at all. She absolutely must communicate clearly before she chooses to drink. 

If she refuses to do that, then I’d said she’s deliberately setting up a test even most decent men will fail, because they have been trained to “make the first move” and that these are acceptable moves to take nonverbal cues on. 

You’re a better friend than me. Honestly, my eyes would be rolling out of my head and I’d be telling her she clearly doesn’t want to date men right now and to stop putting herself, and others, through it.
Honey. To nearly every adult woman over 20 you just look like a kitten on their hind legs. Adorkable. Not sexy.
I feel ya, but I suspect most of the men engaging in this behaviour would find that kind of response very validating and a good start to a debate. I don't choose to do this. There is no reason to try reason. You're just giving them a new line of attack.
Absolutely. If you suspect they might be in an open marriage that is only more reason to reach out. My partner and I are open-ish and one women he made out with at party reached out to me and I was delighted to chat with her and absolve her of any bad feels she might have had. I'd rather he always be explicit with someone, but spur of the moment stuff happens and he was still perfectly within our boundaries, and had already told me about her.
While it's good to skeptical this even is a woman, but how very *sad* for her.

Is she really gonna off herself at 40? Decide there is literally nothing else she wants to do anymore? Doesn't want to see how her own kids turn out even, or see the pyramids or eat a nice meal ever again? Nothing? Just nothing because you don't believe you have an immediate value to a man or infant?
This. I think in your shoes OP I'd feel a moral obligation to tell her, and provide any text/screenshots I had. However, I'd also very, very much expect not to be believed, and would not want to expose myself to harassment or risk.

I'd block him completely before I did it.
Yes. I've experienced this before. Mostly from men of Asian decent, simply because there are more of them where I live.

There is no counter-move and they know it, that is why they do it. There is nothing you could have done to defend yourself against this attack or handle it better. Any more than you could defend yourself if he started saying you were a Reptlian invader in disguise. You cannot disprove it. Anything you say in your own defence will just be ammunition because they don't want to understand you, they want attention and attack.

Just keep walking. Head up. Eyes forward. If I must speak in these cases, I've found the best thing to do is look them square in the eye and say loudly, loudly enough for others to hear that "I don't know you. This is not a conversation." Then withdraw your attention, because it's not a conversation. It's not an exchange between two people. It's a verbal attack from a stranger. He's not having a sincere conversation about race and even if he was, he doesn't get to decide that your walk home from work is the moment you must do that social justice work, for and with him.

And it feels like shit, because it feels like you're playing right into their uptight, self-righteous white women narrative, but I've never found another path to safety except to make myself into a less interesting plaything. They know the attack is irrational and therefore impossible to defend against. You have to prioritize your safety. Nothing else to do.
It does *exactly* what it's supposed to do.

It's just an expression of dominance over the public space (it belongs to men, women just move through it) and a violation of women's dignity and freedom to exist. They are not seeking a connection with another person. They are performing for themselves, and for other men, at women's expense and they all know it. Any man who says it's a compliment knows, knows perfectly well, he is lying to you -- or he's never actually offered anyone a sincere compliment in his whole life. 

They are feeling gratified by exercising their power over a public space, and are getting off on the violation of a woman. **The rage and powerlessness you experienced were the whole of the point.**

So yes, it totally works. It does make them feel powerful, it does reinforce a general sense of danger and unwelcome-ness in public spaces for women, and it does get a response they find gratifying.

The only counter-move I've found half-way effective is to live my life with headphones in, but not on. That way I can be prepared to be perfectly non-reactive to it. They can get their jollies off of performing for others, but they will never, ever receive any feedback of any kind from me.
Wealthy men hoarding women as objects stretches back in history to the very concept of ownership of over objects. 

What is delusional and that all these men assume that they would absolutely be in the extremely small minority of men born into sufficient wealth and status to horde said women like Pokemon -- like somehow they would deserve to be the 1% of the 1% who got a haram -- *if only* women hadn't become human under the law.
I would suspect she'd get the best direction from a domestic abuse hotline or charity or shelter in the area, or even any advocacy groups for stalking victims. Somewhere with a network of women who have had to pursue this locally.
I have an interesting theory that if you actually did any of the stuff Tom Cruise does in the MI movies, it would hurt a lot and not even look that cool and then you'd die in the first 20 minutes of the film. Yeah real life is weird.
I don't think historically or culturally there is much evidence of real concern for women's pregnancy risks being the core case for its approval, but yes, that is the actual reason it needs to be accessible to women. Their bodies. Their lives. Thier health choices.
Much like Miss Pearl, I wish her all the luck in finding a conservative man to live up to her values and force her to end her lucrative career preaching to the choir and presenting herself as an authority before men. 

Also, I really enjoy that she's basically ungoogleable because an extra n in her name doesn't adequately distinguish her from a Scottish Drag Queen.
It's one of thier higher-value invidiaul possession, which they connect to masculity and status.

The more you thnk about it, the worst it gets really.
Yes. There are the baseline risks of having multiple partners… but the risk of supporting human trafficking with money is pretty low for a straight woman on a bar chatting up a random guy.
You need to try to let go of your rage. 

Your sister has made a very clear choice, and I promise you that she realizes that someone might pass away without her knowledge. 

It’s very possible she’s not bitter, or angry. She’s just made that clean break. It feels very personal, but it may not be. 

Don’t waste this precious time chasing someone who doesn’t want to be caught. 

Also, I don’t know why you think the police will tell her? That’s not a service they provide for people who died of cancer in the hospital.
You’re right about the risks when hiring sex workers, but you’re wrong (and more than a bit disrespectful) to imagine that those risks cannot be minimized and that no consenting women would be delighted to have your BF as a client.

And he’s right. Men in open relationship tend to struggle more than woman, and add is a physical disability and the relationship becomes functionally only open for you. Totally valid for him not to want to open up under terms he reasonably believes will be that lopsided. 

Also, please look up some basic terms because I’m not convinced that you and your BF are on the same page about what these causal relationships will look like and what emotional/friendship sort of connections are permissible, and that’s not what polygamy means. You might be getting your wires crossed with polyamory, but you’re also not really describing practicing  polyamory either.
“Do you know the world is literally on fire old lady? Your jewels won’t be worth shit in the future water wars.”
Ok. Like all bodies are different and all, but that seems extremely unlikely.
That’s the thing here. I’ve never heard anyone argue that paternity tests aren’t allowed. What they really seem to be bent out of shape about is that A. they often have to pay for it themselves and B. the mother of the child gets to have feelings about it.

Like, who is _actually stopping_ fathers, especially custodial fathers, from getting DNA tests? Maybe there is something, but I feel like
If a court ever denied one is a support case we’d never stop hear about that. It seems like what they really want is not to face any consequences interpersonally for accusing the mother of cheating and fraud. They want to feel what they feel and get what they want, without anyone else involved being entitled to any feelings on the subject.

Any woman who knows exactly who the father is and is asked for a DNA test, can go get a swab and then a separation order. Both people get what they need to feel secure and respected in the relationship. I don’t see the problem.
That’s not great, but it seems clear your sibling understood that your mother was not telling the truth.

There is a genetic component to anxiety — that doesn’t excuse your mother, but it does mean that you as her teenage child might not be able to do anything to make her behave better. Which is awful and stressful and sad. At 17, your goal should be to get out of this living situation as quickly and safely as possible.
I mean, you know you didn't slap her. 

I'm not sure why you think those are the only two options. It would seem most likely to me that your mother is mentally unwell and seeking attention. 

What do your other siblings say about this? Are they believing her, or are they trying to keep you safe from her behaviour?
It drives me nuts when swingers do this, but it's really a really common framing they use to distinguish themselves from ENM or poly. I agree it's careless and sometimes disingenuous, but within that community, the common definition of monogamy does mean 'sex always *includes* my partner' not 'sex *never includes anyone besides* my partner'.

I know you don't care, but he probably wasn't lying about how he viewed monogamy and he didn't it make that up himself. 

He was just shit for waiting so long to clarify his position and his interests.
>I just have zero desire to sleep with anyone I'm not in love with.

Look, as a woman who has swapped/played in the past, **please never do it!**

There is nothing that worries me more, and makes me feel worse, than knowing a lot of women feel like you do, and are not genuinely excited for themselves to experience this or fool around. And selfishly, it's *really not fair to me*! I'm also a person and I don't want have sex with you, or watch or anything, unless you also *really want to*.

It doesn't make you close-minded not to do it. It would make you unkind, to everyone, to try and force yourself.

And I agree with you. It is the signing up for the site, a site whose primary purpose is to chat with other real people about having sex with other real people, that really crosses what he should have reasonably understood to be a boundary. That was a violation of your trust and a big problem, and not something he was free to do within the current relationship agreement.
You should check out OP's post history.

Man needs to be fully dismissed.

And badgering someone for years about a sex act they clearly don't like isn't ' a concern'.
PLEASE TO GOD STOP THIS.

This isn't healthy. Please call a therapist immediately and sort whatever shit you've got going on. Or get a hobby. But GTFO of here. It's absurd.
Even if any of that had validity, it's not the big brother's place to preparing his little sister by low-key threatening her with his sexual discomfort and objectification of her.

Manners? You're a fucking joke. You clearly wouldn't know 'appropriate' if it bit a chunk of you off.
>She was very dry with her responses, but wasn’t dismissing my comments. She just thanked me for my words.

Yes. She was. That is exactly what a civil dismissal sounds like.

Anything that isn't Hell Yes is a Fuck No. This woman is saying Fuck No to you and you'll twisting yourself into knots trying to not accept that message.

It is extremely unlikely she wants to reconcile. The most likely explanation for her behaviour is **she doesn't want to talk to you.** At all, and definitely not in person. And she knows this is less about the stuff, and more about your trying to generate a conversation.

If you really need the stuff, ask her to get the stuff back to you in a neutral way by dropping it off with a friend, or shipping it to you. Don't try to use the stuff to leverage further contact or any in-person conversation. She knows that ploy. She is actively avoiding that situation.

Or, just forget about it. Because it's been two months and you seem to be living without it fine. It's completely valid to just let it go because she doesn't want to talk to you.
You’re advocating telling a 14 year old girl she is in danger of being treated like a sex object inside her family home. And by an older brother no less. That isn’t even about growing up, that is just a fucking horrifying and toxic and DANGEROUS message to get from an older brother. Are you really advocating OP tell this child that he might do her harm if she doesn’t cover herself more inside the home? What the fuck is wrong with you?
No. A relationship isn’t a hostage situation. You’re allowed to leave it for any reason. 

You can be happy for him that he has made genuine changes, but that doesn’t mean you owe him a life-long relationship. What you owe him is honesty. If you don’t want to be with him, admit it. Let you both be free. 

It’s totally normal to feel badly when you disappoint someone. Only monsters truly don’t care that their choices or actions make someone else sad. You just have to admit to that both of you deserve better than a relationship that you want out of.
Lord. I thought this guy was a troll but no, this looks like it’s just who he is. He’s really the sort who think kids don’t really cost much or take any time, and he thinks that because he’s not around much. What a prize.
Remind him this is an absolute dealbreaker for you, and if he has realized it is something he needs in his life, then you are not the right partners for one another. Ask him to be honest with you now about the life he wants to live, because it is not a fair or healthy cycle for either of you if he is gonna 'reconsider' sexual monogamy every year or two.

It was wrong of him to start engaging at that level without speaking to you first about renewed or recurring interest, but it was naive to assume you'd never have to speak about this subject again. That isn't long-term relationships work. Things come back up.

But it also doesn't mean your sex life isn't great. Just because I have great homemade pie at home, doesn't mean I never ever want to order a piece of pie outside of the house. What is important here, is agreements. If you and he have an agreement that he can look at the other pie (swingers porn) but not engage with events/groups/communities about all the other pies he might want a bite of, and certainly never eat, or expect you to eat, random other pies, that is a valid boundary and he either needs to re-confirm his agreement to it, or leave.

I don't deal with adults who don't understand the difference between fantasy/porn and actually engaging with others, making profiles for the purpose of engaging with others or researching events. These are very, very, very different activities and ti's fine to be okay with the first one, and not the rest.
She wishes she wasn't discriminated against and bullied for no reason. 

Agree with her. Validate her. That is a very sane and reasonable wish to not be exposed to harassmnet and even sexual harassment due to her race.

You cannot fix the world. You can't, and should try, to conntrol her relationship with her heritage. But the best thing you can do is probably agree with her on the part of this you can relate with: Racism is bad.
You just remind yourself that not everything is about sex, and what exists in your brain, doesn't define the bodies or lives of others.

People's bodies exist in space, for themselves. Their visual impact on you, is your job to manage. 

She's not punching you. This isn't an act against you. She's not doing anything wilful or even inconsiderate towards you. This is just someone who exists in space, and has a human body. You really need to let that body exist, without drawing comparisons to it as a sex object. Not just because she's your sister, but because she's a person wandering around her own home. I'd say the exact thing to you, if she was roommate. 

If you need to step away because you're not comfortable with how your own mind behaves. Do that.
Really cannot answer that for you. Totally depends on the individuals in that family, and your level of desperation. I'd love if my mother lived a bit closer, but if I lived closer to her that would mean all my cousins and aunties would be around as well and... on balance, nope. Glad to raise a child not enmeshed daily in that drama or going into a class of 20 kids where at least 3 of them are related. It's got it's upsides, but Nope.

If your family isn't close I think it's important to connect with a few new parent groups, locally or even online, and just make sure you have a network of support - even if it's not one that can babysit.
>His current job requires long shifts during the day and then in call during the night. He does get more rest days because of this, but he needs those days to recover.

Yeah... If he wants to be a fully present parent, and you don't want to be a SAHM, that isn't a great working situation. He may make more money, but it doesn't actually align with your other goals as a couple.

No matter what happens it's scary and it's a big leap of trust from you both. That's okay. If he says he's prepared to be the one who moved, I'd tell him frankly you're gonna trust him on that, because yes, you think you're well-positioned where you are for the next steps in your life as a family together, and you don't actually think where he is now, is as aligned with how both of you would like your family to operate.
In the context of these sorts of career choices and moves, 3 years or so is quite soon!

It'll take almost a year for either of you to adjust and become stable after the move... At least. 3 years is not far away *at all*!

If you don't want to be a STAM then it doesn't matter if his current job would empower you to that. Have you spoken with him about how he views his role as a parent? Would he call out to sit at home with a sick kid? Or is that a mother's job? Or does he think it should be the job of the person who makes less?

I don't have a dog in this fight but you both need to be looking at this from a total compensation POV (including housing/car etc) as well as a lifestyle and parenting time POV.

As a prospective mother, I wouldn't rate a place to live, a car, a good mat leave contract with the ability to WFH and/or bring the kiddos is, quite so lowly when put against his current paycheque. All of those things add up to a hell of a lot in terms of total compensation, and happiness outside of work. I think that's a much, much closer decision than you realize, and while there is more to discuss, there is a really good case for him coming to you if children are a goal in the next 3-5 years.
Your GF has been pretty damn clear about the choices she is gonna make for herself. She doesn't have a problem with vaping and she's gonna keep doing it. 

If you don't want to be in a relationship with someone who makes those choices, that is totally and entirely on you at this point. 

You're not her saviour or her keeper or her parent, and the rest of the people aren't demons in her lie tempting her to the evils of vaping. She's gonna choose exactly what she wants.

You need to leave this relationship and seriously recognize the dynamic you're looking for. Playing Daddy isn't as satisfying as you'd imagined.
Stop 'offering' it as if it's some sort of gift/favor to her, and tell her isn't something you'd value because you would be more comfortable and less stressed if the bathrooms and floors were cleaned thoroughly. Tell her you intend to hire someone for X, and ask her how to best fit that into the weekly schedule. 

Of course, she's defensive and hurt if you're treating her like a failure, instead of just acknowledging your own preferences and capacity (like, the capacity to pay for what you want).
Dude. Invest in counselling now. Or you will invest in a lawyer later.

I have said you may have some valid concerns, but NOTHING about your behaviour here suggests you are operating from a place of partnership or mutual respect. Your current approach is shit. Your current expectations and how you are expressing them are shit. If you've become so upset that you cannot behave better than this, then you need outside support. You're not being reasonable -- maybe you were once, but not anymore and not the way you're communicating here -- unless a marital breakdown is your goal.
You're either a troll or an asshole who is choosing to be on a one-way trip towards alimony, child support and weekend dad duties. While also paying a maid.
Yeah. Her FT job is supervising those children -- and given your attitude I suspect that is a job she does more or less alone on the evenings and weekends as well -- your standards aren't reasonable.

You need to fold the damn laundry and dump out the kitchen stoppers as if you were a competent adult person. You are also responsible, for the bare minimum in the home. 

You can still seek counselling if you want, but you're the asshole here if you think two children at that age are not already a fulltime job with very limited breaks, and think your wife can easily be mopping or scrubbing toilets during the day with a three-year-old running around.

You asked if you were being reasonable, you're not. You may have some valid frustrations and concerns, but you are not, overall, being reasonable about how much time her primary job of supervising small children actually takes.
It's concerning that you do not mention the ages of the children in the home.

There is a big difference between what one STAP can achieve regularly with one or two 13-year-olds in the house, and what the same STAP can achieve with 2 young ones under the age of 5.

It is a struggle to have different standards than your partner when it comes to comfortable/acceptable living situations. If you're stuck having this conversation over and over again, you may benefit from some counselling where you can talk about it in terms of solutions and needs, instead of it being experienced -- reasonably -- as nitpicking.

And you may need to re-evaluate the agreement. It may not still be working for either of you. Agreements in marriages do something need to change or evolve. You cannot declare you are just the provider and she's just the maid, forever. Marriage is an ongoing partnership, not a prison sentence. She's not stuck with you (or with doing it your way) because she picked you once years ago. And the same goes for you! You need to be ready to do some growing together.
Honestly, I'm not quite seeing how it is so much better for you to move to him if your car and housing are currently covered where you are. If he's able to move into a home where he pays nothing, that takes a pretty significant chunk out of his pay decrease. You really need to not just look at his take-home pay and tell yourself 'Well he makes more so obviously that is the priority'. Look at both of your full compensation. That includes what you'd have to pay for housing and a car if these were provided, and any retirement/insurance pieces too. 

You're also leaving out a major part of this puzzle, which is children and parental leave. Who is entitled to how much, for how long, and who wants to take what. If you want kids, that is a huge part of your financial lives for the next few years.

It sounds like the 75k job might not be the right job to move to, but you really, really need to bring pregnancy and paternal leave/benefits into the equation here if you intend to have children. And that might put his current government job over the top , if you want to STAH for a long while. Or, it may put your job over the top if he wants greater flexibility to be home and your company is generous in their accommodations for new parents.
It's been three months. You burned red hot and then exploded.

I think you're old enough to recognize that isn't the foundation of a healthy connection.

And you're both way too old to be having drunken and/or 4 AM fights.

Block her. Close that door. And realize the things you liked about her did not, in any way, out weigh the things about her that were intolerable in any remotely healthy relationship.
With my ex, I just told him I was staying out of his relationship with food.

I would do what he clearly asked of me for support (buy certain things, modify certain dishes) but otherwise I stayed out of it and made it clear he was the expert on his diet. Honestly, this often pissed him off as well because it put a huge amount of mental labour on him he hadn’t been doing for a decade to actually feed himself. It took him a long time to realize what me not being responsible for feeding him according to his diet, unless he communicate it, actually required of him. But it wasn’t worth the effort trying to figure out how to support him better only to get snapped at and met with character assassination if I didn’t do it exactly right. 

Withdrawal sucks, and I don’t think brining the sandwich up twice was a good idea, and I suspect your in for a bumpy ride no matter what you do, but those texts would still cross a major line for me. The point of taking a walk is to cool down and reconsider. If you’re blowing up my phone with that BS while you’re doing it then you’re doing it wrong, for the both of us.
He is asking for too much if he thinks he can treat people with indifference and contempt, and they’ll stick around. He’s not just playing by his own rules, he’s ripping down anything else that brings you happiness. 

And yes, it’s your choice if you choose not to focus on the parts of the relationship where he’s isn’t being contemptuous and emotional abusive, and it’s a smart choice. Nothing else he can do excuses that.
Your partner has told you that it’s a vital, central part of his character and his concept of self, to hurt you. That is who he is. He cannot see himself as anything else. 

This isn’t about adjusting. This is about someone who thinks deliberately lacking empathy and consideration, even in his closest relationships, is something to be proud of. And that his internal world is the only things that counts. 

He should be dating a cardboard cutout.
Mmm, sex-positivity seems to have drifted into a hyper-focuss and centring of “the right kind of sex”. 

I’m a very sexually active person and pursuing  new sexual experiences is a value for me — and my eyebrows still raised a bit reading your OP because No. Sex is a biological drive many of experience, it is not a universal need like food or water. For all my crazy experiences with others, I have no difficulty fathoming there might be a time in my life where I am fully satisfied with a steamy audio book and a bit of a pillow hump. 

I think you might have a mismatch with your therapist, at least on this subject.
That’s the bare minimum, but that doesn’t mean it’s has to be good enough for you. 

It’s a risk to continue with him. I don’t think anyone else can make that call for you. Sometimes people need to really, really fuck up before they can get back on track. Sometimes. More often, the issues will be ongoing.

Be honest with yourself if you want to take this risk on him. It’s okay if you just don’t went too, or you’d like too, but simply cannot.
He’s your ex.

It’s really tempting to psychoanalyze him, but it’s probably not the best use of your own energy. 

Probably way more helpful to consider the current behaviours, during the relationship with you, that you should have noticed as red flags or concerns, then to try to figure out too much about the relationships he had in his early 20s or teens.
What are “all the right things”he’s saying? 

Is he acknowledging he threatened both your safety (and possible also your basic rights)? Has he stopped drinking to excess immediately? Does he understand he cannot use name calling no matter how upset, even legitimately upset, he is? 

I wouldn’t feel safe with a partner after that, but for me, “all the right things” would need to be very specific, and followed up with clear actions, like minimizing alcohol intake. If he’s just saying vague bullshit like he’s sorry, or ashamed, or making excuses for himself, and not changing anything else, that would not help re-establish trust for me.
I never talked about infidelity? I haven’t seen his post I only know what you’ve said. I talked about the risk of sexual violence. 

There’s not burn here. You said you didn’t want to break up! And I’m not saying you have to consider his fears, but I am saying if you don’t, you’re probably going to break up. If you need him to be happy about this, you’re probably gonna break up. 

And maybe you should! If your BFs big concern here is you cheating, then he’s trash and you should break up. 

But you said you really didn’t want to hear that.
Breaking up removes him for a situation he cannot tolerate and when he can’t support you the way you need him too.

And ir sucks, but it actually does solve _his problem._ Just not any of yours. 

And yes, the reason he’s upset is because he’s male. That is also the reason I am concerned for your safety. Again, that’s not insane.

You got to make the safest choice for yourself. Not argument and not shame there, but you cannot hold someone else hostage in a relationship they want to leave no matter how desperate your own situation is.

If you want to maintain this relationship, stop arguing with him and start agreeing with him and validating; This is scary and awful. You are making the least scary and awful choice for yourself and you’re asking for his trust — not his happiness, just his trust in your judgement — in a really objectively weird and awful situation.
She asked how to not break up. That’s the advice she wanted. Being her cheerleader is nice, but it doesn’t help her much with keeping  
 the relationship. 

And the answer is: Don’t expect him to be feel okay about this. He’s not going too. If you make that the fight — that he has to accept this and feel good about it an fully support you when you live with a total stranger you met on the street for next to nothing — you’re gonna loose that fight, and he’s probably gonna break up with you.

The way through to acknowledge this is fucking insane and not okay and of course he doesn’t feel okay about it, and of course reasonable people are telling him he should opt out. And reasonable people are worried there is or will be an exchange of sex for rent. 

Those aren’t crazy. That concerns deserve to be taken seriously. 

People trust you more, when you’re honest and reasonable. Pretending he shouldn’t be nervous about this isn’t honest or reasonable and just will drive a deeper wedge. She needs start agreeing with him: this is bonkers. This is a lot of trust to ask for from him in a really bad situation. People who care for him, will be skeptical of her. She’s asking for a big lift when it comes to trust, and to him managing his own feelings about this. He might not be able to do that, but that’s what’s being asked for.
You’re not a bad person.

But you’re not being a kind or reasonable if your expectation from your BF is he _feel okay_ about this. 

He’s gonna feel not okay about this. He might even feel not okay enough to break up with you. That sucks, but it’s also not insane.

As much as you have no other choice, and are you’re doing best, that doesn’t mean he’s required to feel okay in this relationship. He might not, and you probably can’t fix that. When it comes to being in this relationship or not, he actually isn’t required to suck it up. He could say No. Cant handle this. Thems the breaks.
Boyfriend aside, any 30-something year old man who is letting a homeless 19 year old stay with him for basically nothing, is gonna raise some concerns in the rational persons mind that he has some… expectations.

It’s great you feel safe where you are, but your BF gets to have his feels too, and you need to realize that where you are is still a not great options among many bad options. 

You HAVE put in him a position to question your loyalty and your safety. Admit it. Acknowledge that this looks bad and feels bad for him too, and that you’re gonna do it anyways. He’s not gonna be a happy camper about it, Only a total moron who didn’t care much about you would be! 

You cannot really calm his nerves because this is a totally reasonable living situation to be really nervous about! You’re at a very real risk of coercive rape. I really hope that doesn’t happen, but only an idiot could pretend there isn’t a rather large risk here. What you can do, is admit the reality and not pretend this good or even okay. It’s not, but it’s what’s gonna happen right now. Just is.

It’s up to him if he wants to stay in the relationship, with that reality. The reality sucks. It’s sucks more for you, but it still sucks for him too both as your BF and just as someone who cares for you.
Nah. No confrontation. No telling him what to do.

Just be a neutral, honeys observer; Yeah, that sucks. I wouldn’t want to be treated that way. That sounds like no fun. 

There are plenty of ways to tell him the situation is shitty without telling him what to do.
Give up. Stop investing.

You understood this correctly. He wasn’t brave enough, or self-aware enough, or selfless enough, to just end the connection with you. He probably does think you’re a great person. He probably didn’t want it to be a one time thing. But he wasn’t able to step up and make it anything but that. 

Cut the leash.
I want to call him a jerk and maybe he is also a jerk, but sesh. A whole lot of this sounds like the speech someone gives at a kindergarten graduation. I’m with him. This was pretty cringeworthy. 

If you do this in the future, keep it short and be specific — like 3 paragraphs maximum — and don’t try to hype him up like you would a child on their first day of 3rd grade. Recognize his actual competencies, and if you want to compliment him be very specific about things he has done or achieved or characteristics he displays that you admire, because after reading this _I don’t know anything about him as a person_ — his actual strengths or passions — I just know _you have a whole lot of vague warm feels_. And that’s nice but totally about you and it belongs in a journal. There is nothing here that reflects you actually seeing or understanding him as a unique individual. Appreciating and supporting him, sure. But knowing him? No. There is nothing that says that. 

You need to reflect on the difference between journaling your feelings, and really working to express something communicative to someone else. 

And seeing and understanding him, may mean not doing this against all.
Why? Why are you fixating on the word?

You went to her, your ex, to stir up some more shit needlessly, and she tossed out a weak-ass excuse and lie. Hurtful? Sure. Gaslighting? Not a good example no. That’s is not good evidence of the very serious act of abuse that is gaslighting, but it’s great evidence for you being confident in your choice to break up with her, not speaking with her any more, and learning when confrontation only harms yourself.
Right now. She is running the show, because you’re all up in you feelings and you were very easily baited. If you’re worried about her walking all over you, you need to realize your current approach is laying out a welcome mat and signalling to her you’ll be a lot of fun to fuck with. 

This was your first visit. You have learned she runs her mouth and is inconsistent. You cannot trust what she says about the future. She could change mind entirely tomorrow, and then again on Tuesday. You can’t let yourself ride that roller coaster with her. You have to stand back and look on and say to yourself “Oh, big dip right now!”

I understand it’s easier said than done, do it anyways, ‘cause if you don’t I promise you it’ll hurt you more than it hurts her. 

When dealing with the kind of person you’ve described — inconsistent, quick to judge, quick to change their judgement, making big promises and then pulling them back when the wind changes, and prone to grade-school-level pettiness — you are doomed until you learn to laugh.

If she chooses to feel badly because you, or your partner, aren’t traditional, you cannot control that. And she probably will choose it sometimes.
So, the article in that first link is misrepresenting a lit review — it actually didn’t even link the full article, but I was able it find it — that is recommending against that kind of simplistic approach when researching predicting infidelity, and argues for a temporal, multivariate approach, and includes the rather telling quote “There are probably more scientifically worthless ‘facts’ on extramarital relations than any other facet of human behavior.” 

I’d keep going, because when you start with misrepresenting and failing to link to an article that isn’t even original research, and doesn’t say what you want it too to support your point, I do get curious just how intellectually dishonest that whole list is. But it’s late and I’m tired and you don’t car anyways.
You’re doomed if you don’t learn to laugh at her, and don’t better manage your sensitivities about your own clothing choices. 

Your partner doesn’t take her seriously. She lives half a world away. You’re handing her a hell of a lot of power over your happiness when you could be laughing. And frankly, you sound like you’re pretty eager to feel snubbed. There is nothing shocking about a parent being hesitant to talk about marriage with the GF she just met.

She doesn’t need to like you. Sure it would be nice, but some snide comments aren’t going to break you are they? You buck a bunch of other traditions. Time to question that one as well: You don’t need her approval. You need to learn to peaceable survive when she says silly things. Half of what you described here would have just made me laugh and say “Well, that is one perspective!”
This was a toxic relationship and it’s good it’s over. You shouldn’t be reacting that way — not to her face — because you shouldn’t be speaking with her at all. 

When you break up with someone because you think they are cheating, or planning to cheat, why would you ever speak with them again? You’re not friends. 

I’d really recommend you not let it fester any deeper. Is it possible she never thought of Raya till after the breakup? Yeah, it’s possible. Not likely at all, but possible. And it changes nothing.

You don’t need to round this up to gaslighting. You don’t need to confront her. You just need to end contact.
You hire a divorce lawyer, be prepared to meet your obligation to her as your ex and co-parent, and you focus on building a respectful relationship as co-parents.

No one deserves to be married to someone who thinks of them, the way you now think of her. She shouldn’t have lied, not just because it’s wrong, but lying is part of how she ended up married to someone who would call her a “community giver”. Ew. New one to me. 

Mature and appropriate is recognizing your own limits, ending the relationship you don’t want to be in, and figuring out to treat this person with dignity regardless—if only because you have a child together.
I mean, that’s fine. 

Be honest about your intentions while dating. We cool. 

Don’t project. Don’t make it a woman’s job to change your mind. Her “goodness” shouldn’t be your primary motivation for a relationship. You’re not a challenge. You’re not a beast that needs taming. You’re just a dude who had some bad experiences. By 30, most women could tell you about some real doozies too. 

If you can’t date without being dishonest or projecting your trauma on to others, please don’t date.
It’s reasonable not to invest too much into meeting new people when you’re not happy with where you live and are planning to move shortly, but no, in the long-run, online-only relationships are not a full replacement for connections with the people who are actually around you…

Doesn’t mean long-distance or online friendships don’t have value — they do — but for all the health benefits from friendships and community, you need to maintain some in-person connections too.

You’re 32. It’s way harder to get into NYC than it is to get out. Don’t be stalling. Get out.
That’s… exceptionally different than a 30 something woman objecting to a civil conversation of a few minutes over a conflict she had already decided wasn’t worth her pursuing herself and had been adequately resolved by moving out, and where she apparently felt unable to even shout from the door “Hey, all packed and ready to go!”

I’m really sorry you went though that but I truly do not see any connection besides someone doing a thing we can all agree was wrong… the severity, and the impacts, where 1000% different.
A simple “Hey BF, I’m ready to go!” Or even “Hey, sorry I really got to get going!” would have worked too, from her, to solve her own problem and advocate for her needs, instead of sitting and pouting in the living room. 

You’re giving her way more credit than I am willing too. She was looking for him to confront her, because that is what she claims she would have done in his place. That is what she actually believes would be correct in that moment. It wasn’t enough he agreed with her and was helping her, she wanted to watch some bridges burn.

There is absolutely something more going on here with keeping this relationship private…
Even in the places where they legally, and ethically, can purchase this service, consent is required in advance and the cost of the women services is significantly higher than just her medical bills and lost wages. 

This sounds like indentured surrogacy as punishment for consensual sex.
No kidding. I cannot imagine a much better way to codify and empower reproductive coercion, not to mention the terrible health outcomes for women and babies.

The guys who think buying a $20 dollar salad entitled them to a blow job are not gonna be paying for pre-natal vitamins after being told their one night stand is obligated to provide them with progeny, with pricing to be discussed after the obligation is already in place.
No. Forcing unwilling women to be surrogates isn’t acceptable either. 

This doesn’t fix anything. They are just suggesting another legal framing for the denial of woman’s autonomy. If that was required it would just means sleeping with a man would be considered legal consent to short-term service contract to bare him a child. 

No one else should be getting first right of refusal when it comes to the use of someone else’s body.

The persons whose body it is, decides if another person gets to grow inside of them. Not complicated.
>Your time would be better spent understanding the assholes since there is more accurate information on them.

I'm going to borrow this if don't mind. This is beautiful and applicable to many 'Well I think they have undiagnosed X and that is why they regularly do the thing I've told them repeatedly hurts me...'
>I genuinely believe he has autism or ADHD and is truly time blind, but the net effect on her and me is the same. He's late or absent.

Preech!

Autism or ADHD or any sort of mental illness are e*xplanations for challenges*, not blankey excuses for choices that you've been told clearly are hurtful. He's not experiencing a challenge. He's making a choice.
You’re making it OPs job to “get” him to do something he is declining to do. She spoke up. They had the fight. That is where her power ends. It’s not on her. She cannot fix this.

It’s not always a communication issue where if she just found the magic words he’d do the right thing.
There isn’t anything OP can do to change him into a competent parent with her words. 

And can we stop pretending every person with one shitty parent is broken or hopelessly doomed? 

Yes. It sucks. Realizing your parent is a shitty person, or just a shitty parent, is difficult and painful. Yes, it’s something OP will need to guide and support her daughter though, for years. Most of her life probably. Sooner that starts, in age appropriate ways, the better that little girl will be at avoiding that pattern in her own life. 

It’s not the end of the world. In fact, as childhood pain goes, I’d put “one shitty parent, one solid one” on lighter side of the spectrum.
Poor time management and mismatched priorities is exactly what I look for in a man! /s

Seriously though, poverty sucks and is hard on relationships, but men married to women who work long, hard hours outside of the home aren’t likely to be called “strong” if that woman falls asleep before the kids, or leaves the dishes overnight…

Poverty and exhaustion are one thing. Choices to not prioritize anything except your role as provider and martyr is another.
Moving out was totally reasonable.

Getting your knickers in a twist over this is not. 

He supported you appropriately and he probably kept acting “normal” in large part because your relationship is a secret. Expecting him to confront her at that time is absurd. I had to double-check your ages — that’s such an immature idea. This was not his battle to fight (and even if he wanted to speak to her about it, this was not the time) so he shot the shit with his friend for a bit. 

You need to get a grip. It was an uncomfortable 5 mins. Not some sort of betrayal.
You said No.

You were invited. You said no thank you. Last minute. Didn’t want to pull it together that quick. 

This seems like a pretty reasonable misunderstanding to me. 

It’s not your fault for saying No, but it’s also not his fault for not triple-checking you hadn’t changed your mind. Ya go to use your words. He had a totally reasonable belief that you didn’t want to go. 

Also, make some plans to do something for yourself for the rest of the weekend. Don’t sit and pout. That’ll make it worse, for everyone.
Be wholly dependant on and subservient to me, but also don’t dare replace me if I die? 

Should she just be buried alongside you dude? Throw herself on the pyre?
Totally within normal. 

I think the important thing to realize, especially if you enter a long-term relationship, is that having attraction resurface for others doesn’t necessarily mean there is something wrong in your relationship. You already know it’s not permission to cheat. 

I used to be worried when I was with someone for a long time and my attraction to others reasserted itself, but I’m not anymore. It’s a fun stage where I’m crazy in love and choosing my partner actively, not just being blind to everyone else who exists.
I think you’re right, but in the short-term I might just go with “You will not make it on time, and this plan requires two adults so I will be inviting <Other Adult> in your place, to drive and make sure everything runs smoothly. We’ll see when we get home.”

Sort out the birthday. Then the lawyer.
He should respond in some way, but this kind of reply is going to make OP feel worse. People who are behaving unkindly or ghosting don’t need to be taken care of and provided with additional emotional support. (It’s not even kind to them, to try. Better to respect and accept the silence as a message all it’s own.) I’d skip right the mute part.

If he’s confused or worried OP is mad, those are things he is capable of addressing. With communication. No reason for OP to jump up and try to take care of him right now.
I feel like I hit the sweet spot because I got my first cell phone at like 16 and my first smart phone at 20… meaning I was young enough to be stupid and hyper connected and full of drama, but old enough to be a little self aware about how I used it.  It’s way harder to talk to a 12 or 13 year old, or even an 8 year old, about how you use this and how it impacts you.
Who are you arguing with? My first sentence is telling her to dump him if this a violation of her boundaries. Her personal boundaries, for herself, about what she wants in her life. Sesh.

Respecting that someone sincerely disagrees doesn’t mean you are obligated to keep dating them.

But we need to stop pretending that there is only acceptable way for an adult relationship to look and that anyone who sincerely disagrees and wants to go to strip clubs, or grab coffee with an ex, or follow some models on IG, is some sort of monster.
It’s really not a generational thing.

Lots of people in their 20 and 30s have lived their whole lives with location tracking, but reject it as invasive and problematic in adult relationships. My partner and I only turn it on sparingly, like if we’re at a theme park or a mall and going separate ways for a bit. We don’t love our lives with it on. I wouldn’t date someone who expected me too. I’d find that desire deeply concerning about their character and emotional fragility frankly.

You’re 23. You gonna find as you get towards 30 a lot of your peers will have very different and evolving boundaries on this.
Or, and hear me out on this, revenge porn is morally wrong no matter what tools you use.

Again, fun thought. Not an okay action.
Instead, she'll learn that some people are idiots and adults fail in love sometimes, and that Mom is the one to emulate and turn to for mutual support and joy. It's not perfect, but it's okay. She's gonna be okay. Chin up.
If you do not want to date men who go to strip clubs, then don't. That's 100% valid and something you need to be accountable to yourself for, by breaking up with him.

Your BF told you that he thinks this is an acceptable thing for him to do and that he believes he should be trusted to make responsible decisions, even while at a strip club.

He wasn't taking any steps to hide it from you or lie to you. He behaved as if he felt this was a choice that he was free to make for himself. He disagreed with you. He probably still does disagree with you, regardless of how sorry he is to have upset you.

You can break up with him over this disagreement, but check yourself: It's a valid disagreement. He has a valid perspective on what is acceptable and permissible in a relationship. It may mean you're incompatible, but it's still a disagreement between two people who are both rational and worthy of respect.
Absolutely. You don't know what you don't know, and it is often so much easier to show love and compassion for others, than for ourselves. Definitely been there.
It's always very telling, when I'm listening to my friends, when there get to the place with someone where the narrative becomes 'I've accepted they treat me this way, but I'm appalled they'd also do it to others!'

I'm sorry you're going through this. I hope your kiddo has a magical day. Sounds like a great outing!
More fun as a thought than as an actual activity. More likely to hurt yourself, than him.

Enjoy the petty thought experiments as they float through, but use your actual energy someplace better.
The first thing you do, is mute him and/or hide alerts from him. So you're not worried each chime/alert is him. There is nothing to be gained by knowing the very second he responds. Your brain needs a break.

Then you take a walk/ride/swim/drive whatever... without your phone. Leave it alone completely for an hour or two. Watch a movie. Bake a cake. Workout. Something that keeps your brain and body busy is best. Shove your phone in a drawer in another room. Take a few hours. Take the afternoon. No one is going to die.

The constant checking because a self-reinforcing habit and you just need to break the habit. It's a vicious circle, but the more you check the more you'll *need* to check. The less you check, the less you'll feel the need. Keep him muted and hidden and check two times a day maximum. I'd suggest once after you wake up, and once after dinner. Beyond that, live your life.
They are legitimate enough reasons from a person who feels confident that, when push to comes to shove, the responsibility for these totally dependant little persons will not fall to him.

My ex was similar and all his reasons broke down to: 'It would feel good to me. I would find it validating. I'd feel I'd done something/achieved something'. Which... okay, fine. That's a personal reason but also a totally shit deal *for me and for those kids.* So I'm not doing that.
Solidarity.

In my 30s I finally gave myself permission to admit I have some sensory issues and that a lot of clothing _feels_ awful. I do wear a lot more tight clothing to work now because I recognize close fitting stretch is often least bad for me. I’ll wear leggings or very dark tights under things that are on the short side and it seems to be fine. 

In terms of looking “put together” here’s my bare minimum: shaped eyebrows and tidy nails. Not even painted necessarily, just cleaned and filed. If I do those two things I can basically pass for put together. 

If you really need pants, go into some more expensive stores and try some on. I’ve found I gotta spend a $100+ on pants I won’t hate wearing, so I try not to have to wear them much. 

Finally, if you don’t figure out anything else about your clothing preferences, figure out where you like your waist! I like mine high, just above my natural waist. I started feeling better, more days, when I banished everything from my wardrobe that didn’t hit me at my high waist. Fuck trends. If it doesn’t sit/hit me at my high waist I don’t wear it.

Wow, I have now rambled and your milage may vary. But that’s me. And I wished I’d started honouring this shit about myself at 22 instead of deep into my 30s! So, solidarity. And good luck.
Nearly all human interpersonal relationships have transactional components. Both healthy ones, and unhealthy ones.

But the healthy ones have to include the fact that both people in the transaction _are people_. Fully recognized as such, basically empowered, fundamentally respected. This is a thing women still often struggle with when it comes to men, especially when it comes to assumptions about labor and childcare.

And this is a sub that is intentionally full of woman, speaking to their experiences… so yeah.
It’s very sad that for men who are truly willing to do the work of being a parent, the doors that are open to women are closed to them. Single men adopting is possible — I know one who did it in c
Canada actually — but definitely more difficult and costly. 

File under another actual Men’s Rights issue that MRA won’t spend a hot second on.
Amen.

Legacy Crazy. I’ve been calling it Legacy Crazy its way more dangerous and toxic than Baby Crazy. The women I know who hit their 30s and went baby crazy, literally changed their lives, their jobs and homes to accommodate being a parent. They worked 5-10 years plans to adopt or work with a sperm bank, and make sure they had a home and job that supported this next step. They went hardcore Baby Sane. 

The men I’ve seen go Legacy Crazy (often in their 40s) just try to find someone else to do all the work. They don’t want to be a parent. They aren’t dreaming of taking their full pat leave or being the one who cancels work meetings to drive kiddo to the doctor. They want a kid like a Steam Achievement. A badge to show their buddies. They don’t want to be a parent.

Obviously not all men, but these men are out there and they are dangerous. And when I’ve  suggested to the few I know they look to the single moms we know for a path or advice, they are appalled. They don’t want to do that kind of work to make it happen.
Tired isn’t ‘an attitude’. When our bodies need sleep, especially if we don’t get enough sleep or we stay awake for too, our brain sends us signals to rest. If we don’t listen, the brain makes them louder and more unpleasant.

Your BF was being ass.

But you should try this anyways. Instead is saying you’re so tried, so “No. No thank you. I don’t want icecream. I really need to go home and be early to bed.” Or whatever else it is you need to say “I have energy for a bit more, then to bed.”

If you’re constantly fatigued (still tired even after lots of sleep and rest) that’s a different issue you want to talk to your doctor about.

But in this case, just sounds like you needed to sleep. Your BF was the one with the attitude.
There is no magic trick to self-respect and self-control. If you truly cannot manage this, speak to a therapist.

And smoke less weed. 

This woman is not a romantic option for you any longer. She's been very clear, and very kind about that. It's on you now. Control yourself. Behave with respect. Behave in a way that doesn't make you miserable.
When possible, these people aren’t you friends.

When not, make them explain it “Huh? What was that?” Repeats joke “Oh, I don’t get it. Why’s it funny?” “Because you’re short” “… Yes… I’m shorter than her. Still don’t get it.”
The fact you keep repeatedly posting this suggests you are not in any sort of healthy headspace to remain friends.

Not Now, means No. Always. 

She’s not interested. Move on.
Instead of asking them why (you know they have valid reasons, it’s not a debate) I’d tell them straight up that you’d like to include him at times, and what upcoming events plans would make sense? Or, could we plan some smaller/chiller events that could include him? Stop making suggestions, and ask to make specific plans. 

And if they say No, they aren’t interested in being friends with him, that is something you need to respect. It’s sad, but they don’t _have to_ like him or include him. 

And they also might not trust your judgement. That’s not necessarily completely unreasonable. You may want to include an apology _to them_ for being dramatic or involving them too deeply in negativity before — especially if you leaned on them when both of you were cheating — and acknowledging you maybe didn’t always build the healthiest dynamic with them either in the past. Admit your wrongdoing and ask for a second chance for yourself and your chosen relationship.

Because when it comes to stupid drama they aren’t just taking a chance on him. What you’re really asking for is them to rely on your judgement, even above their own experiences.
Well, it totally won’t do that. He doesn’t have that kind of power! Just a dumb boy.

But if you don’t think talking with him is enjoyable and enriching for you, don’t do it. You’re not his therapist or his rehab. You’re a person who gets to choose her own friends and maybe he doesn’t get picked
Dear god go find a therapist.
Of corse you’re right to be cautious.

The kindest thing you can think about this guy is maybe he doesn’t realize that he is using you as a placeholder of female support post-break-up, and actually believes his own BS. The best case scenario is guy doesn’t know himself what the fuck he’s up too. 

But just because he’s willfully stupid doesn’t mean you have to be.

Do what you want, but I wouldn’t advise you put much energy into this ‘friendship’. You’re not obligated to be anyone’s friend.
“All men are mindless, disloyal predators incapable of sincere friendships.

And remember, it’s the feminists who hate all men.”
If you really want to connect with your oldest sister, find another way. Visits aren't the way.

I understand why you felt unwelcome, especially with the history of favouritism, but they might believe, in their own minds, that they genuinely want you to not to take on what they would judge to be an irrational amount of effort and stress. I wouldn't want my sister driving like that, in the rain, with a small screaming child, and then camping. Like, even if she was willing I would not want that for her. I'd be appalled if that was her plan. 

Maybe it is time to stop trying, but you seem really fixated on your self-identity as the 'the one who shows up' and that might not actually be the best way to build a meaningful connection with your sister at this stage in your lives.
You sound like 18-year-olds, not 28-year-olds.

But the simple fact is this: She asked for a boundary she valued. If you want to ask for a similar boundary that you value, you can do so. If you haven't, it's not fair to decide she's a bad person for not just automatically giving it to you.

(And it is absolutely not the same to remain in contact with people you have established friendships with, as it is to entertain unknowns sliding into your DMs. Those are different activities and boundaries. You can discuss both or either, but they are absolutely not the same.)

If you're uncomfortable with some of her choices, you have to say so, and take it from there.
You need to sit back and seriously reflect on what answers you're looking for here.

You've got plenty of reasonable advice. You need to look inward and figure out what those answers are not satisfying to you, and why you haven't spoken to him about your concerns and/or your boundaries yet.

If you really don't want to talk to him about this, then it is definitely time to end this FWB agreement. You don't need to understand everything -- you never will - but you can understand that much: Your discomfort and confusion means this should end.
You need to get a damn grip. You're nursing a grudge beyond all reason, and the story you tell her makes you sound at least as insufferable as she could possibly be.

You don't have to *like* her, but if you're going to visit her home and family, bring a bit of respect and positivity and stop looking for insults at every turn. (Oh, she gave you a dirty look about lemons? She's intimated by the price of the chocolates? Come on. Are you successful a adult women or an insecure 12 year old looking for a cat fight? Let the lady have her own feels.)

Putting your personal expectations and values onto her, and into his brothers, doesn't make you an authority. It makes you an asshole.

If you're compatible with the man and he agrees with your values and priorities, then that works. They don't need to. This attitude you're stewing up in regards to his mother serves nothing except to make you miserable. If you need boundaries on the amount of time you spend with her, make those. Put the rest of this aside.
No. You're not.

That would have triggered me too.

Totally different if he's asked during the next call or meetup, *Hey, saw the post. What ya get up too?* But the 30 mins delay with a direct, accusatory question? That'd be a big old Nope from me. 

Is the fight now that he's saying he deserves to know and you should want to tell him? Or is the fight that he's telling you that you're accusing him/judging him as a bad guy or something?

Because if it's the first, you have a very real problem and I'd run for the hills. 'You just should want to do X for me' is a manipulation technique I have a very hard time seeing past. If it's the second, he needs to be told clearly that not every boundary or preference is a personal attack on his character, and not to personalize what is a very, very healthy standard you're setting about information sharing.
This. I think it’s a power and compliance thing in most cases. 

I’ve never had a good experience with a man who demands even selfies. There are lots of current, full body photos in my profile. I used to send one or two, but now I just say No and move on.
I agree the outcomes in parental behaviour won’t change. Certainly not overnight. 

But the outcome for children, and the families that actually do exist, will change drastically. They would be much less likely to be born into situations where they cannot be adequately cared for. More men who had no intention to pay would be honest about it, and women would be more empowered to choose and plan, and a health care guarantee is probably worth more to the average _working_ single American parent than child support. 

It wouldn’t change the interpersonal issues. There will always be a percentage of bad actors, but it shifting the financial burden off of individuals, especially low income parents — both custodial and non-custodial — is the right thing to do if you actually care about single parents and the kids of single parents.
It telling how they don’t seem to think it’s possible to not want the same thing someone else wants for you, and still be kind and appreciative. 
 
If this man was otherwise kind and respectful of me, I’d find this really sweet even tho I do not want to get married and do not enjoy risotto.
Ditch the 'friend' who said that. He's either dangerous, or just dangerously stupid. That's 'just an opinion' the way 'Hilter has a few good ideas' is 'just an opinion'. Asshole.

Cheating is always an act of betrayal. You didn't betray your agreements to someone to be exclusive. 

If I agree not to get my shoes wet and then someone grabs me and throws me in the pool, I didn't break my agreement; I was assaulted and thrown in a pool.
Put the judgement of her (and her parent's agreements with her) and just own your truth:

Your truth is that you're being crushed under these financial pressures and you cannot see the relationship, as it's currently operating, surviving. Admit to her you are fantazing about escape and leaving her, because you're *that* unhappy with the situation. She may need help and support, but you also have needs. Your needs cannot continue to go completely unmet, and have everything be okay. 

You are *also* overwhelmed. You cannot stop being overwhelmed just because she is overwhelmed too. That's like saying you should learn to fly because she can't walk. That isn't how people work. There are limits. You've already pushed way past your limits. You're not going to grow wings because she gets pissed with you.

Be honest that something has got to change. You think a reasonable and plausible short-term change would be her at least applying for disability, so you both, as a household, can stop going into debt. Also, get a new credit card and disconnect yours from any food delivery apps. You need to stop that bleeding. People who are in debt need to cook noodles and treat themselves only occasionally to take out. If she cannot moderate herself on your dime, you need to limit her access to your dime.

If nothing at all changes, this relationship is going to die. It just will. Just as surely as you cannot fly, this cannot continue like this.
You tell him point-blank you do not intend to live your life this way, and he can begin to behave like an adult partner who actually respects you as a partner too, or he will end up behaving like a single, separated dad.

Maybe not tomorrow, but someday. Someday you will leave him over this. Anyone would. That is what happens. *People leave* when they are made responsible for all the household work, in addition to their work outside of the home, and then punished and manipulated with silence and insults. People leave. You will leave him. Eventually, that is what will happen if he continues to behave this way.

You can send him the basic reading list - You Should Have Asked by Emma and She Divorced Me Because I Left Dishes By The Sink by Mathew Fray -- and ask him to read them and think about what you've been saying to him. Or you can skip all that, and get a lawyer and a therapist for yourself because the odds of his recognizing and correcting his behaviour are low. Not zero, but low.
Gaston being a veteran is pretty supported. During his first appearance. he's  wearing a military uniform and in the tavern, during Gaston you can see a portrait of him standing over fallen soldiers. Disney animators have spoken about a backstory for him that includes time as Captain during the 7 Year's War.

Oerthwise is totally with you. He's a great villain, complex and believably motivated. Not an idiot by any stretch, just someone driven to idiocy by toxic beliefs about himself and the world and how it should opperate. I don't think it's an insult to call him a veteran, and that concern is probably why Disney left it very subtextual. Veterans aren't universally fantastic human beings any more than doctors or priests are. Most veterans I know will be the first to admit the service also attracts plenty of assholes, including fucked up and power-mad.
He's a Chad. Who they both somehow simultaneously resent and blame for thier suffering, and also believe is the only rightful recipient of woman's attention and that any non-Chad receiving said attention is a "Betabux" or "simp" that women use for resources and could never actually care for or be attracted to.

It's beautiful in it's simplicity if you just remember that the incel is always the victim -- mostly of women but also of any other men who don't agree with him -- and that any man with access to a women's friendship, affection or intimacy is either an asshole who will abuse her, or a victim of her.

There are no happy relationships of any kind between men and women (except *sometimes* one where the woman is kept ignorant/inexperienced and functionally in servitude by her male relatives, and then by the male they have been assigned to. Which the incel naturally assumes he would be, if only fathers were informed and empowered to place their daughters under the authority of the men they choose...)
That’s why there isn’t a very comparable WGTOW movement. They have book clubs or running clubs, or volunteer gigs and regular brunches. By and large they aren’t hating men for not giving them someone they feel they are entitled too. They are not constantly yelling into the void “That’s it! I’m going!” Or “I’m THIS CLOSE to giving up.” They have given up. They are gone.
I'd be really curious to find the article on communication! A quick Google didn't give me much.

It takes a pretty unique human being to be excited to tie themselves onto a rocket and hurdle themselves into an environment as hostile to staying alive as space is. There are lots of examples of male astronauts down-playing issues and minimizing risks, or just communicating them in a way that didn't convey the situation's urgency because so many of them are just made of different stuff when it comes to fear and risk assessment than us normies. So you've got a self-selected group of people who perceive things rather differently than the average person and I could see women astronauts experiencing even more pressure to tough it out or take risks, but having it called "poor communication" instead of "bravery" when they do it.

But without the article who even knows.
He just taught his son it's impossible to have a friendship with women.

He told him not to partner with them professionally, and not to hire or promote them in the future.

It's totally possible to give young people advice against bullying or manipulation or one-sided friendships, without telling your son that women in particular inherently lazy, grasping and untrustworthy.

And the dude has no idea he didn't actually teach his son boundaries -- and left him entirely at the mercy of bullies or users who aren't attractive women, which is actually the larger risk in a male-dominated major -- and only trained him up in very specific sort of bigotry that is gonna make it harder for him to date anyone or make productive connections with some classmates.
Women who can think are dangerous.

They reject bigoted assholes who pick losing battles with magic castles and get their own community maimed and beaten by anthropomorphized household objects. 

r/oddlyspecific
Not necessarily. Equal doesn't always mean "the same". My partner and I have extremely different personal boundaries when it comes to contact with our respective families, but there is nothing *unfair* about the fact that one family is far more involved in our day-to-day life than the other. Those boundaries exist for good reason are actively chosen by the person whose family it is. We are making choices about how to manage our other relationships, and as partners, we respect and abide by one another boundaries (like, I'd never call up his Mom. He wouldn't want his partner to have that sort of relationship with his Mom. It's not a rule on how I behave, it's his boundary in his relationship and I also honour it as his partner.)

So no, boundaries don't have to be 'the same' and sometimes they shouldn't be. Rules almost always should be equally applied! Like, banning himself from posting photos of him in a swimsuit or from surfing is obviously inequitably applied. He doesn't *want* to do those things. The rule has no real impact on his life, but a major disruption to her hobby, job and friendships. By design.
That's because they aren't boundaries.

They are rules. He's making rules where his judgement applies universally and absolutely to her life. It's a common bait-and-switch that isn't restricted to men or romantic relationships, but you can certainly find lots of examples just like this one. It's so normalized a lot of people genuinely do not see the problem with it, or recognize these *aren't boundaries* just because you call 'em that. 

If they were boundaries it would be his job to acknowledge they are not compatible as romantic partners. He would say "This isn't what I can accept and trust is damaged. You're a great person but not my person. No hard feelings." Instead, he's issuing rules and saying if she will not obey it's her job to end the relationship with a side-offering of 'if you end the relationship it is because you're a bad(slutty) woman without empathy and respect for my feelings'.
* Don't do your hobby
* Don't do your job
* When choosing and maintaining your friendships, my standards and judgments apply, not yours.
* Don't post photos of yourself wearing the appropriate clothing everyone wears while doing your hobby or your job.
* Don't post anything else that I might find uncomfortable or reserved for me, definitions of this to vary at my whim.
* Don't spend too much time with women who will point out the absurdity of the above

The saddest part of this is that is so painfully standard. A thousand men a day write out this sort of shit and call it 'boundaries' when they are really just blame-shifting, and making it the woman's job to dump them when they become controlling. I hate that my first reaction to the texts was "That's all? That's not actually that bad..." It is bad! It's just, commonplace bad. 

I'm glad she called it out specifically as weaponizing therapy-speak, because if these were actually personal boundaries, he would have been acknowledging they are not the right romantic partners for one another, and actually saying so without any of the transparently very hard feelings about it.
Sounds like you hit The Wall in your 30s man!

I swear that is what these guys are actually talking about when they discuss The Wall. It's that women in their 30s are discouraged, and sick of trying to gently offer the perspective that they are in fact rational human beings, and men are also rational human beings who can manage basic household tasks and interpersonal relationships just fine if they tried, and have run out of fucks to give with the people who don't know that.
I've met very very few feminists who hold as negative, demeaning and downright misandrist views of men, as Men's Rights and incels often do.

Somehow those men think that they, and other men, are disloyal and animalistic and incapable of reason or discipline when it comes to sexual arousal and nearly any sort of rejection or disappointment in life, BUT are also smarter and less ruled by emotions than women, and naturally entitled to leadership and dominance over women.

If you, and men in general, are as brutal, simplistic and animalistic as you claim to be when it comes to anything, much less when it comes to women, you sure as shit do not get to be in charge of them!
I mean it is true, but it’s just as true for men. Men who are considered objectively good looking also get better service, better loan terms, more promotions, etc. Beauty bias is 100% a thing but it impacts literally everyone. 

As individuals we try to be fair and open minded, but as a species we are helplessly shallow and we associate good looks with other “good” qualities like smarts and even honesty. We try, but we cannot perfectly correct for it.
Exactly. This is a man who would never actually pay market rate for the service he’s demanding. He wants the illusion of being a big man whose caring for her and attracted her, but he’s actually just a cheap sake with a saviour complex.
You're fixating on this part of this that is not a problem. Arm touching while standing near is a thing that happens at parties. It's a weird detail to get hung up on. 

And men have told me I don't give off 'taken vibes' when I'm literally showing them my wedding band, so take what the fuckboi says with a grain of salt. 

The issue here is her maturity and her ability to maintain boundaries while drunk/socializing with others. It's a very real issue, but for that, you just need to make a choice about whether or not you believe her when she says she made an error she will not repeat it. In her *slight* defence, she does appear to have recognized pretty quickly that she made a mistake, and exactly what that mistake was, but continuing with her is certainly a gamble.
So he's holding you hostage in the relationship by threatening to shift a massive financial burden onto you, and run out on his obligations to the lease, if you don't agree to date him still.

That's *abusive*, and possibly even coercive rape if he expects you to continue to have sex with him in this situation. You don't want to be in this relationship, but he's using external money and legal *threats* to keep you in it. 

You're not safe with this person.

You should call a domestic abuse hotline in your area and ask for help leaving a relationship where you are not safe.
You say 'This isn't a competition and you're not a prize. Never, ever speak to me again.'

And block him everywhere.
I'm not saying I have the answers to the financial situation. I really don't. You may need local legal advice, or even financial advice on how to access safe loans.

But you need to realize that your plan right now is to be miserable and try to fake the relationship until the lease is up. That's a really bad plan that doesn't keep you safe, and it probably won't work even if you try.
I get it. I really do. But you need to consider the idea of 'good debt' and make a plan to escape. It cost me a bit more than that to leave my ex -- probably around 5k when all was said and done and I was lucky to have just enough saved at the time -- but while it stung it and it was disappointing, it was money properly spent on my safety and sanity. 

Maybe it isn't for you, but trying to make yourself trust him isn't actually a solution at all. 

And moving is probably cheaper in the long wrong than getting syphilis or herpes would be...
I understand why that lease is a pressure on you, but it’s a bad reason to stay in a relationship that is unsafe — and you can’t just magically will yourself into trusting someone you shouldn’t just because it’s really expensive not too.

You’re gonna have to have a bigger look at your options.
It’s not a requirement if you stay.

What you’ve actually taught him is the requirement is him listening to you whine about it.

It is hard, but you should be clear that you need some space and time and that you expect him to leave with his family when they go.
Why would you want to move past this? 

Why do you believe he won’t do the same thing again and again? He tried to hire a sexworker, and each time he’s caught he’s tried to cover his tracks and lie to you about it.

Why do you think you should trust him? Has he magically transformed into a new person? Was he possessed by a demon or alien at the time? Did he experience a knock on the head that fundamentally changed his character? 

Why do you think he will behave differently in the future? Why do you think he won’t just work harder at not getting caught? Trust issues do not get resolved if you don’t have a realistic answer to that question.
I got a friend who said once 'I'm not the prize, but I'm a +10 bonus to all happiness stats, with a +12 to happy pets and yummy food, as long as you keep me in good repair.'
Eh, and most of them wouldn't actually anyways, or not for long.

They'd find out exactly what most women do: Unfilling sex with people you don't like much isn't all the interesting. You can look honestly at gay guys and see this. Sure, a lot of them go through a phase where they behave that way, but for most it doesn't actually last all that long because work and friends and pissing away the time on smaller enjoyments is pretty solid.
I think you don't realize you keep shifting and offering nitpicking definitions for what the words mean, in order to justify your negative feelings and the thing you want to do.

That's the trap. That is why asking a question with the 'There is only one acceptable answer' attitude, is a trap that is gonna keep you miserable and I said it all hinges on him immediately and correctly understand what each of the words means to you, in that particular moment and context... I sincerely hope your BF realizes what game you are playing and passes your test, but *it is a game*. And it's not the best way to make yourself feel secure or for you and your partner to actually understand one another.

If you actually wanted to understand one another, you'd start by sharing where you're head is at and what errors you think you're making inside your own brain. You'd talk about what words mean and what you both think acceptable friendships look like, before you issued a vocab quiz. That's how you share what you are struggling with, and build actual understanding. 

Finally, No. I accept that my partner may still be attracted to people he's friends with, and still be able to *be friends*. He's not gonna slip and fall into them dick first just cause he thinks they are cute and if he does need to draw boundaries with someone, I trust he will. It's not nearly as hard as you're making out to be.
No. You're racing. Slow your roll.

Your next conversation with your therapist should be about discussing your diagnosis and treatment with your new partner, if and when you're ready to disclose.

And to simply ask your therapist if they are even open to speaking with you both as a pair -- some therapists will not invite others into ongoing individual therapy.

But you're not there yet and that is a huge ask. Slow the fuck down.
It is a valid boundary! I said explicitly above it was and that you shouldn't date if you don't get what you need. Boundaries can be valid while also being immature or unkind or unclear or even petty.

But his words here still aren't the core problem. Your brain is.

I know you don't like that advice, but there is no other reasonable advice here for you. You're fixating on his words the same way you're fixating on her pictures. That is not healthy, and it means this probably doesn't get fixed.

You can pick a fight with him over his word choice, and maybe that even work out for you -- he may realize what it is you need to hear to manage your irrationality -- but you are choosing ongoing misery until you address the 'your brain' problems.
That’s deeply immature attitude towards attraction. I’d be sad for my partner if he never felt attracted to anyone else. He’s not with me because no one else on the planet is hot to him! That is silly. 

You’re gonna have some rough going if your expectations are that absolute and you refuse to share what those expectations are until after you issue your test questions. 

But you’re right in the end. If he won’t immediately give you the answer you’re looking for, you two shouldn’t be dating. If he was my guy friend describing this situation the way you are, I’d tell him to run because this woman isn’t taking any accountability, is testing you, and is gonna make you both miserable.
You just defined a trap. You’re setting him a trap/test wheee if he doesn’t understand your exact meaning and the answer you’re looking for, this gets worse inside your own head.

Hope it works out for you. Not what I’d do.  Bringing up a feeling you’re having can and should be an entirely different than making it your partners job to fix that feeling.
Then why not just accept that he did mean that? Like, that IS a rational interpretation. Way more rational than the interpretation you're choosing the spin yourself up into a snit about. (Also, realize that other people can be attractive, without being a threat. If you don't know that, you will always be miserable in most relationships...)

You're setting up a situation where if your partner misspeaks, if he isn't perfect, if he doesn't read your needs/expectations correctly immediately, and doesn't give you exactly what you need, you're probably gonna dive off the deep end.

I'm not saying don't talk to him, but do recognize this isn't on him to address and solve. It's on you. If you do ask him for support. You should be very, very clear about what that support looks and sounds like. Don't set a test for him to fail. Ask for very clear assistance with your problem.
Yup 'I can have a peaceful and amazing time once I have sufficiently terrorized you into silent acquiescence.' Hard pass.
My BF is 5 inches taller than me and honestly, that's already a stretch. Literally.

Just thinking of dating a 7' foot guy makes my neck hurt.
I would strongly suggest you manage this shit yourself, and stop comparing yourself to other women. 

There is nothing he says to explain this that isn't going to further trigger you, because you're not having a rational response to his words to begin with. His words aren't the core problem here. You were gonna find something to put these anxieties on sooner or later, and you'll do it again if you don't stop yourself. 

This overthinking is a personal issue you need to manage. This woman is not any sort of threat to you. She's barely present in his life right now. If you try to make it your BFs job to manage these feelings for you, you'll probably just end up feeding the beast. 

It doesn't mean you cannot share with him what you're going through, but it's not his job to fix. This one is on you.
That is what confuses me too.

But then you just have to remember that OP is the victim and everyone else who seems to be just *living their own lives* is actually out to get him and their supposedly personal choices are *actually* directed attacks against OP.
It's an incel term for making money/career success, and becoming a 'Beta' provider to a women who will certainly cheat with a genetically superior "Chad" because women are incapable of either loyalty or of being genuinely sexually attracted to men under six feet. In their narrative anyways.

It's strange how incels/redpilled both hate Betas and woman for this, but also think it's terrible whenever this doesn't seem to be the case. OP appears to believe it's wrong for the brother's wife to *allow* him to breed and pass on his inferior (read: slightly below average height) genetics. He cannot even imagine that their marriage might be the exception to his miserable "rules".
It’s a phrase they pull out when met with a woman with utterly reasonable standards and expectations.

“Oh you expect me not to loose my ever loving shit like a toddler when you don’t immediately submit to my authority! What do you think you are? Some kind of prize?”
I'm sorry you had such a shitty date, and a fake friend.

There isn't much to learn here. Sometimes you just bump into a real piece of shit person.

What you need to remember in the future is No is not a negotiation. You said No to this date. You were attracted, but you knew on some level that is where this needed to stop. You need to make sure you're standing up for those instincts. You're feeling regret now for not standing up for yourself earlier and that is understandable, but let it go. Forgive yourself and just let it go. No one is perfect. You're just a decent, sane person who got caught out for a little while by someone who wasn't. It happens.

Resist the urge to confront him. He's not connected to reality, so nothing you say will do anything but further frustrate you. You won't get your power back that way. You maintain your power by never, ever speaking with him again. His delusions about why the friendship is over are not a problem you can solve for him, but on some level, he likely knows what he did. Enough people have told him.
A lot of words for “How dare someone else be happy. How can I make him miserable like me?”
You’re describing abuse.

Not just immaturity or inexperience, abuse. 

He has no right to “punish you” and he’s dangerously unhinged. I’d be deeply concerned when he decides he needs a more effective punishment…

This guy isn’t just insecure, he wields his own unhappiness like a weapon against you. He’s not gonna stop. You need to get out of his line of fire.

He needs help, but more importantly, you need to be safely away from him.
He keeps on talking about confronting the other guy, but says he has no issue with his wife. That is idiotic. That is toxic, drama-seeking machismo bullshit. 

I never said throw away his marriage. I said don’t be a fucking idiot and talk to your damn wife.
That’s just dating.

You’ll never know. It doesn’t mean you did anything wrong. It just means she knew, and she didn’t want to waste your time or hers. 

Be like her. If you’re not feeling it, do exactly what she did.
This sounds less like your flaws and more like him projecting his limitations and struggles. 

Be wary of men who jump to “You’re just being emotional!” when you have valid concerns or issues with their behaviour. It’s a silencing tactic.

You won’t be able to change his perspective, if he finds it convenient to think this of you and not have to listen…
Generally speaking, human beings don’t like change. 

Give yourself a break and let it play out. You’ll get used to it, and she’s likely to keep evolving it anyways. Relax.
It’s been a few months, you can just opt out. 

“Obnoxious” isn’t a word that should be coming to mind. This isn’t the guy for you. Just tell him it isn’t working, because it’s not. 

Wouldn’t be the guy for me either, although I can sympathize with the grief and anger of leaving your faith. I couldn’t be with someone who was still in the rage stage.

He’s probably right: These feelings are not relatable for you and you can’t understand them. You’re right: It’s unpleasant behaviour and you can’t tolerate it.
I'd set my hair on fire before I'd let my partner take our dog someplace unsafe.

If he struggles setting boundaries with his mom, that means you need to be brutally clear about your boundaries, with him.
If, once the grades are in, you are just peers and have no reason to believe you'll ever be anything but peers again academically, then go for it.

*After* the grades are inputted.

It's unlikely the school has any policies against this, but you might want to check into how the exact policies are written and whether your role as an instructor means you follow different rules than in your role as a doctoral student.
Of course, you can say No. Of course, you should be clear about your comfort and how you will be choosing to interact with others. 

He gets to be disappointed with your rejection of his preferred communication tool, but it's just that, a tool. Saying it's the only, mandatory one you must use to have a conversation with another person isn't a boundary, it's a rule. So disappointed is all he gets. He doesn't get to review the paperwork. He gets to decide what his comfort level is with you as a partner and your relationship agreement with him. Micromanaging your relationship agreements and even conversations with other partners is not healthy. 

And that is a completely separate issue from your relationship together.

Don't get the two confused and intermingled. When he is not present, you will establish consent between you and another party in the way that works for you and that other party. When he is involved, he does get to make those sorts of boundaries for himself and you can choose to engage or not with him. 

Frankly, though, I'd have some serious concerns about opening up to any degree with someone with these requirements even inside a consensual relationship, starting with their ability to handle the stress and risks associated with nonmonogamy. 

You may get better help over at r/nonmonogamy
And yet you keep dropping the dog off someplace where you know what to expect.

The second time it happens, it's on you, not them. 

You're responsible for your pet. Don't leave it with people who don't provide adequate care. Not complicated.
You need to pay for a dog sitter.

This entire issue arose because you feel entitled to free dog sitting.

It's not that complicated and it's not 'taking an L'. It's the cost of having a dog and taking a vacation! The in-laws are doing you a favour. If you don't like how they do it, then find someone else, or pay someone else.

If they cannot be trusted during visits, keep the dog on a leash inside their home OR pay for a sitter during your visits with them. I had to do that for years because my dog has serious allergies and my well-meaning grampa had dementia. When Grampa was awake, the dog was on a leash/being closely supervised because Grampa would feed him whatever was in reach and couldn't understand why not to do that.

The dog's health in your responsibility. Stop leaving the dog with people who harm them just because it saves you a few bucks.
No Rent Control. No Dice.

I don't understand how anyone can accept this risk in life. I really don't.
Your constant attempts to prove yourself worthy are a pretty damn good deal for him.

And are you saying he cheated on his previous partners?

Regardless, a break is almost always a slow-motion breakup. It's not a tool or a threat. It's just a cowards last ditch effort to not have to break up. 

You've already seen that he's not going to put the effort in. Why do you imagine a break would change anything?

Sweetie. Wake up. This man isn't offering you a relationship you can feel secure in and it's very unlikely anything you do, will change that. It's not in your power.
Yes. 

Men are less likely to seek child support or alimony from women, even when they are entitled to it -- but when they do, they get it. (Oddly they often average much more in alimony because men so rarely seek it at all unless the woman is an extremely high earner...) 

Anyways, that appears to be a social pressure and self-perception thing among men, not a deliberate outcome of the system. The courts aren't conspiring against men -- quite the opposite. Just like with custody and child support, many men are disinclined to pursue what they view as a 'feminine' entitlement.
Your BF needs to contact a family lawyer. That's all. That's the first step, and probably the next few steps. They all have to do with a family lawyer.

This mother isn't someone he should be engaging with in a personal level right now. Whatever is done, it all needs to be done with legal advice. He is studying for the bar. He knows this.
Almost! Almost as if rich men didn't want to be taxed sufficiently to feed and educate the children that poor men didn't want to or couldn't afford to parent, and somehow convinced those poor men it was all the women's fault that the children existed, cost money, and cost times that meant thier primary custodial parent couldn't make a living wage (even when permitted to), and that the legal system built up almost entirely by affluent men determined that individual men should pay personally to the parent who did do the work so the taxpayer (aka said affluent men) didn't have to pay.
Then you’re an idiot. 

If you don’t like her boundaries say so, trying to control him is gonna make everyone else invoked know that you’re an idiot.

If you trust your wife and are accepting of her ability to manage this friendship (as you should be) then butt out.
It's also really strange in the canon because Snape is very fully and consciously accepting the consequences (and more) of his past mistakes. Actually, one of the very, very few adults/characters who are held accountable for their choices. 

Ok. I'm overthinking this.
You know you're not at fault. 

He made his own choices and then blamed you for his own choices. 

He misled you and then he blamed you for believing his lies. 

You understand that is what happened. 

It wasn't your job to read his mind better. It was his job to be honest with you, and being honest with you should have included being honest about his need to budget. He dug himself this hole. Don't let him throw you into it. 

I understand why that was hurtful to read, but the real question is what about now? Does he realize he was completely wrong? Does he recognize that of course you're hurt and scared by those terrible lies he put online? Is he committed to be honest with you and controlling his spending? Does he still think he has anyone to blame for his own choices, besides himself? Can he apologize for the position he put you in, when he was too much of a resentful coward to take responsibility for his own actions? 

He is going to have to show you that his feelings have truly changed and that he understands what he did wrong. He is going to have to understand that he deeply and profoundly damaged your trust in him -- and that you are right and reasonable to doubt him and be hurt by him. 

He doesn't get to blame you now for feeling badly or scared by something he did wrong in the past that would make anyone feel badly and scared. You're a human being. A human being would be frightened and hurt by what he did. It's valid, and he is going to have to spend a long time showing you evidence that he has changed his mind and understands what actually happened here and how much he betrayed you by lying to you, and blaming you for believing his lies.
I'm not sure what advice you're looking for. A reasonable person is going to read what you wrote and say this man is confused about respectful boundaries and maybe not a great FWB for you to have since he wants more commitment (or illusion of commitment) from you, than he ever intends to offer anyone. 

You seem unhappy with this response, but it's a perfectly rational one.

Beyond that, we can't read his mind any better than you can.

If you have concerns, firstly you're going to have do is *figure out what your concerns actually are*, and then ask him to address them.
Supporting your son here means validating his own concerns, and empathizing with the difficult position he finds himself in.

It doesn't mean inserting yourself in the situation with her or her family.

Advise your son. He is no immediate legal danger. He is having a tough relationship issue where he's gonna need to stand up for his own timelines and beliefs and comfort. Your job as a parent is to be patient, and empowering, while he does that work. It might take him a while, but hell, he's got a while to figure it out. No one is giving him a lease or marriage license for a while. 

Back off. Don't overreact and blow this out of proportion. There is no immediate danger. If your son actually wants this relationship to continue, and be long-term, he's gonna have to figure out how to speak up on this. Tell him your trust him that he will speak up for himself and his own needs, and that you're here to support him.

You may not like her parents, but they were right. This on the two of them to figure out. Your job is to guide and support him right now, not pick a fight with a pushy 10th-grade girlfriend for him.
A rational human being operating in the world has to make *some assumptions*.

If you really don't know what yours are, you're not gonna have an easy time having any further conversations with him about this.

Maybe don't keep such an open mind that your brain falls right out? Whatever his reasons, him telling you he doesn't like to share and to not date were not appropriate or respectful or even *internally consistent* things for him to say. 

That's not a stable or sensible adult expressing a well-thought-out position on casual sex... That's a guy who doesn't know what he actually wants, projecting it onto his FWB.
Yes. Of course no-fault divorces benefit both genders! (It prevents a lot of sucides as well). And an early argument for no-fault divorces actually came from men who wanted to re-marry quickly, after a previous wife walked away from them, rather than having to wait several years to prove abandonment. 

I know I say this over and over again, but this whole narrative from the right about 'Women initiate divorce cause they are fickle/lazy/out to get rich.' really just points out that a *miserable marriage is still a good deal* for a lot of men. These men are receiving net benefits from remaining married, even while unhappy. They coast. Food probably shows up. Interpersonal needs get met. Kids or pets or homes are more likely to be cared for. There is a lot less work for most men, when they live with a woman. The vast, vast majority of women who divorce are choosing financial hardship over a partnership with that man because they are not receiving enough of those other benefits to make staying worth it. The 'walkaway wife' isn't fickle. She's making a reasonable choice because she's not benefiting from the unhappy partnership, in the way the man is involved frequently still is.
It's means you're sleeping with a 30-year-old man who doesn't actually know what he wants, and says kind of shitty and controlling things to you, because he hasn't handled his own shit.

It means he's not emotionally stable and hasn't really thought through what the fuck he's doing, and you should reconsider if he is a good casual sexual partner.

Keep dating others. Be clear with this FWB that you're not exclusive with him, sexually or otherwise. Don't offer any more information about your dating life to your FWB if he cannot handle in ways that are kind and respectful.

I have a lot of experience with FWB and casual relationships, and frankly, I wouldn't have a FWB agreement with a guy who was being a little shit about the fact I dated others. Of course I'm dating others. That's the *explicit agreement* we have as FWBs. Unless we had said we are exclusive in some ways, we're not.

If he doesn't like it, it's his job to walk away from what doesn't work for him. He doesn't get to just shit on you and tell you 'Don't date'  when he's having some icky feels about the situation he's agreed too and has chosen for himself.

The one thing you don't do, is assume this means he wants to build a deeper, committed relationship with you. He has pretty clearly said he is not offering that. He almost certainly doesn't want to offer you more than he is. He just wants to pressure you into giving him more than he'd offer in return. Don't let him play you. And don't play yourself.
You talk to your wife.

Not to him. Never to him. Everything besides talking to your wife will only make you look like an asshole and/or a fool. 

Don’t have a lot of context here, but if I’m honest with you, the fact he is was inquiring about your anniversary trip would be a green flag in my book that this is a genuine friendship. When people are up to shady shit, they ignore anything even remotely positive in the persons relationship. One of the ways I know a guy is actually my friend, is if he acknowledges I’m in a relationship unprompted and says nice things about my male partner. If tries to pretend my BF doesn’t exist, or is only interested in the negative, that’s the problem. 

Regardless, he’s not the problem here. Your wife is. You need to speak with her about your discomfort and needed boundaries. The person who ought to have mentioned this friendship to you was your wife, not him. She was the one who left this unbeknownst.
No. He doesn't value these things.

Double No. He's got you to do them. 

You can hold yourself responsible for how you've played into the dynamic, but you didn't 'create it'. He, and his parents likely, 'created it'. You were temporarily entrapped by it. It's up to you if you stay trapped.
It’s almost like there is a centuries old narrative of men being told they are charming and funny when they are incompetent and unkind, and women being met with disgust, demands to better, or told they deserve what they got, when they do something “stupid”.

“Funny” is largely recognizing patterns. If you don’t think any women are funny, that tells me about the narrowness of your life, not about women.
The fact there is more money between the two legally responsible parents means the child is entitled to more. 

You’re making the mistake of framing this as “mom was doing fine on less so she’s wrong to ask for more” when it’s child support isn’t her entitlement, but the child’s. I’d argue a custodial parent who doesn’t advocate for their minor child’s rights is probably doing that child a disservice.

And seriously… what do you think an “acceptable standard” is, because raising a minor child out of poverty in 2023 costs at least 10k a year, and you just represented the average non-custodial parent as paying a third of that…
The things he’s on is describing how he’s trained the algorithm to _hold his own attention_, and from that, he can see men who also engage with social media that way. 

Is it many men/women? Sure. All men/women? No. Not by a long shot. You’re talking about individually curated online attention marketplaces for profit, and calling it “all the time” and natural.

It would be extremely easy to retrain his IG or FB to show him people cooking or parenting. Super easy. So much content!
“There are no men on the bench or writing child support legislation at all!” /s

The crazy part is, a sensible person who thinks the burden is applied unfairly _might_ argue for more daycare spots so single mothers can return to the workforce, and better after school programs and free school lunches. Could argue that custodial parents should be compensated for the important labour of raising children, instead of that cost being shifted onto a biological parent who doesn’t wish to do that work… that’d be a rational, gender-neutral argument that one might make if one actually cared about “the family” and “Men’s rights” to not pay for kids they don’t wanna pay for. 

But almost never hear that argument, because that argument would also benefit women and children, like they deserve to survive or something…
Direct result of women not being slaves or household appliances.
Especially when half the instructions are “Be purposefully unkind and demeaning.”
You walk away from someone who isn’t offering you a relationship you can feel secure and appreciated in. 

This is different then someone struggling with low sexual interest or a dip in libido or any other sort of situation that reduces sexual interest  generally — that you can work though — but he’s already told you it’s personal. So of course your trust and self-esteem is wounded. It’ll start to heal when you stop accepting crumbs of affection from someone who told you straight up they don’t want you.
You don’t like this person. You don’t feel respected and think it’s time to stop dating them, so don’t date them anymore. 

Is there some gaslighting or other abuse here? Maybe. Doesn’t actually matter. You’re done. You get to be done. You’re allowed to break up with someone even if they aren’t abusing you.
It’s time to leave, and to leave safely.

Even if this wasn’t abusive — and it is — you should still end a relationship once you’re frightened. 

Given there has been “pretend choking” here, which is a major risk factor for seriously escalating violence, I wouldn’t even recommend you break up in person. A phone call or even text is totally acceptable when you fear for your safety. Don’t try to explain why — it’s not a debate or a discussion. Just say it’s not working and that you want to end contact. 

This is not a person you should ever be alone in a room with again. They are not safe.
I suspect you’re fixating on the dogs so you don’t have to do the unpleasant work of actually dealing with a break up.

Regardless, you know this is crazy. Get a grip and do what you need to do.
There is nothing you can do. You cannot debate with someone who has decided you’re a liar to begin with. 

This is entirely on your BF. He needs to be prepared to tell his father what comments are unacceptable and to have clear boundaries. If your BF still lives with his father, that will be very difficult, but there is nothing else.

Don’t pick a fight you’ve already lost. You can’t change what his father thinks, but your BF can make it clear what is not acceptable to say out loud.
You’re right. That doesn’t sound rational or mentally healthy. 

Pets can make it harder or sadder, but they shouldn’t make doing the right thing impossible. There is probably more going on here than being an animal lover. Talk to a therapist if you can’t sort it out on your own. If animal services needs to be involved, call them too.
You move on. You do what it takes to let go of any illusions about the future. 

This guy wasn’t offering you anything, and told you straight up he probably never would.

Don’t kid yourself. It’s just a break up. It’s sucks, but let it be a break up.
It doesn’t matter what you believe honestly.

If Michelle needs to re-evaluate or end her friendships with you or your wife because you’ve kept in contact with Steve, Michelle can do that. Regardless of abuse, that is valid. That is a thing she gets to choose for herself. 

Michelle phrased this badly, because the conversation you need to have is about boundaries. If Michelle truly needs a boundary of Steve not being in her life at all — even as a friends of a friend — then she needs to tell you what that means for her friendship with the two of you, that you’ve decided to maintain some level of friendship. 

It’s perfectly fair for Michelle to ask for what she feels she sincerely needs. 

If you’re not willing to end contact with Steve, be honest about it and find out if there is any space for different boundaries (for example, promising to never speak about her with Steve — this is the boundary I accepted with some friends who kept contact with my ex) but in the end, if this is a dealbreaker for her she’s entitled to break the deal.
Just tell him the truth: He hurt your feelings. He said he was going to make time to be with you, and he didn’t. Then he didn’t even bring it up for days, leaving you very reasonably feeling rejected, and worse, forgotten.

Adults who game have to moderate themselves and communicate honestly their gaming time and expectations. It’s not sexy to have to be someone’s Mommy and tell them it’s time to stop, and it’s probably not sexy to feel you need to beg or demand his attention either. 

So tell him he hurt you, and don’t let him BS you out of it. Being hurt is reasonable and it’s a problem. Tell him you expect better from him and that “being really into it” isn’t a good excuse for being that hurtful and dismissive. If he doesn’t want to stop, then the very least he needs to be self aware enough to say that. You still sometimes have to acknowledge and consider your partner while gaming, and it’s not that hard once you respect that fact of being in relationships.
You dated someone for a few months, and you two ran into a dealbreaker, so the deal broke.

You didn’t do anything terrible here — you recognized your limits and left — but you’re not describing abuse either. You’re describing someone you shouldn’t date because they have requirements of you that you will not meet. Doesn’t even really matter if this requirements were reasonable ones or not. Even if they were totally reasonable, you could still say No. 

It sucks. It normal to feel like shit after a breakup, but it’s just a breakup. Let it be a breakup and don’t try to round it up needlessly to a trauma. It probably doesn’t need to be that.

I’m general though, you need to stop trying to exercise so much control over other people, especially while you’re drunk.
I understand, I really do. The friend I did loose years ago over this I actually didn’t loose because of the affair itself. I drew my boundaries  like above when it came to discussing him, and hoped for the best… but she just. kept. on. shitting. on the other woman “ His fiancé is so controlling. She’s so mean. I gotta send you this photo of what she was wearing!” That was actually what broke me, and the boundary she refused to honour. I know it won’t be the general tone here, but at the time could accept the fact she was cheating and it was gonna end poorly for everyone. Not sure I’d accept it now, but at 22 I did. It was the need to rip down the other woman that ended our friendship for good.
I know it’s hard to cut off a friend — I had to end it with a very dear one over similar behaviour.

I think if you’re not ready to end it that first thing you say is “I’m not your source of support on this. Don’t speak to me about it. I’m not into that drama, and I cannot help you on this one. I will not hold your hand through it. If you bring it up again the only thing I’m going troll you is Stop. Stop doing it. Stop talking to me about it.”

I had one friend mess up this way for a few weeks and that seemed to work best. No debate, just absolute “If you do this, you do it 100% alone. No one is gonna debate you or validate you, and if you keep on doing it you might meet with escalating boundaries in this friendship.”
I’m 100% with you, but I take the opposite approach now.

I tell them I don’t think that question is appropriate or productive, but that I will tell them. Then I tell them if it EVER comes out of their mouth in the negative, as an insult or a dig, it’s an automatic dealbreaker. I will walk. I will walk out in the middle of their parents 40th anniversary dinner if they even joke about it. 

And then I do walk. Did it at least twice to otherwise decent-seeming guys. And all that internalized BS in my own head started to melt away when I just decided I wouldn’t allow them in my life anymore. No matter how many other boxes they checked. 

I like my sex life. I had mostly lovely partners and fun experiences, I would prefer to date a man who I can discuss that with, at least a little bit. If he’s not that kind of man, the quicker I smoke him out the better. So I hand him a gun loaded with bullets that cannot hurt me any longer, and I see if he’s the sort to try to take aim. 

You are absolutely a hero. Keep yourself safe and get rid of anyone who doesn’t respect and appreciate the whole you. However you do it, just keep doing that. I’m convinced it’s the only way to retrain your brain.
No. Never again. I would never again stand the room with someone who spoke to me that way, for any reason. 

You're not overeacting. This is abuse. It was not an accident. It will not be an accident next time.

This is not within normal or acceptable behavior. He's mean-spirited. This is not the first or only time you've been concerned he has contempt for you. It was just the first time you realized his contempt would become physical.  

The other people who have had this problem with him aren't around either. Get out and stay out. The only person you should have an contact with in the future is his co-parent, if she needs help building a case to protect the minor child from him.
First Wave: Hey, we’re human.

Second Wave: Dudes, we meant _fully human._

Third Wave: All of us, we’re all fucking human! How is this still a a thing!?
Hope she gets picked by someone who actually shares her values.

So she’ll have to quit her attention seeking, opinionated, money-making ways and focus on her home and children. Sucks for her kids but net win for the world.
Don’t date someone who thinks you are selling sex to a stranger for $50 bucks a month? 

Look, I wouldn’t feel comfortable accepting on an ongoing gift like this so I would sympathize with your BF if he was just saying it’s weird and seems wrong — but your BFs issue is clearly that he thinks you owe this guy something in exchange. And that is dumb and insulting.
No. Healthy parents recognize how central and important friendships are to teenagers and young adults, and don’t see their children’s personal lives as a competition or threat. 

The way you’re answering here I’m a bit surprised your daughter still speaks to you at all.  If you don’t do some serious re-evaluation, once her brother is out of the house I doubt you’ll hear much at all from her. You’re not describing yourself bringing anything to her life but obligation and disrespect.
You’re being a passive aggressive, judgmental asshat. 

I wouldn’t want to talk to my dad either if he was resentful and whining about the fact I had a healthy friendship with my sibling. In her shoes, I’d also be establishing distance from your toxic behaviour and unspoken expectations. 

The phone does work both ways. So do invitations. There is also this magical thing adults do in their relationships with other adults called scheduling. We do it because we respect one another’s time and independence and understand that life gets busy and we need to make plans if we want to connect. 

Instead of modelling to your adult daughter transparent and respectful communication between fellow adult family members, your passive aggressively issuing her tests, for her fail, and holding her to standards you’re magically exempt from. 

She may not be perfect, but your the one who needs to grow up. She’s not your buddy and she doesn’t exist to emotionally service you. Establishing some distance is an age appropriate behaviour, and instead of celebrating that and asking for what you value and need form her, your shoving her further away.
I can only imagine. It totally sucks but it’s also transparently not about you. It’s about your cousin deciding this was _easier_ than the truth, and some people deciding to go along with her. They are trying to make you a sacrificial lamb to her shitty marriage and familial harmony. Make them know there is _a cost_ for abusing you. This is not their easy way out of the mess this man made. 

The cost is you’re going to say “No. The cheater, cheats, and if you’re gonna treat me like a homewreaker than I’m going to have nothing to do with you, because I don’t let people who hate me and excuse abusive creeps like him, to have access to me.”
What’s so tough about just accepting and respecting her preferences? Why does this need to be a thing, much less a thing to take personally.

She’s not closeted. She’s not hiding you or rejecting you. She just clearly ask for not that. 

My partner doesn’t like to be called Babe in front of his family. I didn’t ask for insight into that. I just stopped calling him Babe in that context. Easy.
That’s how I’d word it. It is tough to do, and no one is born knowing how so give yourself a break! No matter how perfectly you do it, he may still choose to react badly. You can’t control that so don’t try. 

Just remember it’s not a debate. It’s not a negotiation. It’s not a fight. You’re telling him the sky is blue. After you do that, wish him well and block him everywhere. You owe him nothing more than a clear, final No. (Don’t even owe him that really, but it’s a way for you to remove further excuses for any bad behaviour from him.)
You weren't overacting at all. 

That was physical abuse, and it was *escalating* physical abuse.

I'm sorry you went through that. Good on you for getting out safely and ending all contact. 

If she ever had keys, change your locks. Ignore all contact from her. Document any bad behavior. Abusers often give you a bit of a bumpy ride post-break up. Stick it out and stay staff.
Benefit of the doubt for 8 years of not knowing? Sure. Maybe. It would be a carelessness that would concern me, but I could get past that.

But OP would be a damn fool to remove the deadline if she has any desire for marriage and/or children with this man in the future. 

It was a legitimate dealbreaker for her, with a perfectly reasonable timeline for him to take some sort of action, including just the action of initiating the deeper conversation you're suggesting instead of making it constantly her job, and her fault, for bringing up what he has been told clearly is a dealbreaker level problem for OP. 

He has done nothing in six months? Those six months have murdered the 'benefit of the doubt' argument. OP was honest about the dealbreaker, and he's watching the clock tick down. This deal is probably gonna break.
You can't. Someone can choose not to be your friend when you don't want to date them. And they usually will choose that. It's healthy.

Also, you shouldn't. This isn't a friendly person. He has made it very clear, repeatedly, that he is *refusing* to be your friend. 

You're not going to break him. He's a bully and an asshole. He knows you don't want to be mean, because most people don't want to be mean, and he's *weaponizing* that against you. This person isn't a friend worth having. 

Be pissed with him. That is the healthy and reasonable reaction to someone trying to bully you and not giving a shit about how you actually feel, and who is very mean to you because they know you're a decent person who doesn't want to mean right back.

Tell him that you two clearly want very different things from one another, and since that is only going to cause conflict and hurt feelings, you're cutting off all contact with him.
40 year olds don’t date people in their 20s because they prioritize equity and mutual respect. He didn’t pick you because he thought he’d really have to respect you as an equal, not at 24.

This isn’t just a friend. You know it. He knows it. He doesn’t care. You’re both being played. He’s getting what he wants from both of you. Even if he truly doesn’t want to fuck her, he’s enjoying her girlfriend-like level of service and support. It’s been over a year, he’s not gonna stop.

EDIT: This guy recently told you he's not attracted you. Straight up, that isn't how a 40-year-old person should be dealing with a dip in sexual arousal. At 40, he either knows better than to handle it that way, or knows he doesn't have to do better *with you* and that he benefits from you feeling insecure and unwanted in the relationship. These are bullshit games he's playing that woman his own age would be far, far more likely to see through quickly and not waste time on.
Way to go! Doing this calmly, without missing a beat, is such an invaluable skill.
Ha! Telling on himself a bit eh.

One my coworkers said the same thing about my Zoom. He assumed I must have a delay cause I “wasn’t letting him jump in”. I was presenting, and the executive had just directed us to hold questions until the end, but whatever you need to tell yourself kiddo.
I wished they’d actually GTOW already.

The women I know when went their own way and decided against any further dating or relationship with men, seem to have more interesting things to talk about.
No. Clearly, your deadline is going to be ignored. 

That is just a reasonable assumption at this point. 

You told your BF what you very reasonably required him to do, to show you that he prioritized your shared future. He hasn't done it. 

And let's be honest, if he refiles it a day before your deadline just to keep you on the hook, that isn't really in the spirit of what you've asked of him. That's not forward movement. That's minimal compliance. That's him saying 'If you're gonna force me to do this I'll do it as badly and lazily as possible to just to keep getting what I want from you...'

Tell him you're giving up hope that he will address your dealbreaker, and are beginning to look at what breaking the deal will look like for you, since you cannot continue to move forward with a man who is married to someone else.
It’s impossible to make a flat map of the whole spherical world, accurate. 

Most world maps you look at are still full of bias and hugely inaccurate... Mercator's map is still the visual standard for layman's use, and it's warped as hell! But it did its job in the past, which was to allow ships to maintain a consistent heading. 

Maps are really just stories told from one perspective or one approach to representing a huge sphere on a flat plan. In the way we think of accuracy in 2023, they just aren't accurate. So basically, I'd say most old maps were about as accurate as a person who knew how to interpret that particular maps' perspective and limitations was.

A huge part of why global navigation satellite systems are more accurate is because they don't rely on representing the world as if it were flat.
Do nothing. Reach out to no one -- except a family lawyer and a therapist.

The relationship is over. The only contact you should have right now is with someone who can support and advise you on how to ensure his legal obligations to the child are met and how to protect yourself from any ongoing abuse or manipulation.

It's tough, I know, but you need to exercise complete self-control, and even when he reaches back out (and once you stop, he will try to re-engage, because he cannot abuse you if you actually end contact firmly. He can only effectively keep on abusing and manipulating you as long as you're in contact with him.) you need to stand your ground and refuse to speak to him EXCEPT over email or text and ONLY about the pregnancy/child. Ignore any contact that is not specifically about absolutely necessary things like leases, or legal issues. Do not pick up the phone. Do not open the door. Do not meet with him. All conversations now happen on the record, and you don't instigate any contact unless your lawyer advises you too.
I'm sorry to say this, but if your family is willing to blame the teenage cousin, instead of holding the married father responsible, there is *nothing* you can do to convince them. They have made their choice and it has nothing to do with you really.

People who want to blame the other woman when a man behaves like a creep and a cheater, they just will.  Evidence be damned. And those texts, they are dead and gone. You have nothing except basic reality on your side, and some people don't like reality.

Your cousin has made up a vicious lie about your to protect herself from the consequences of her remaining with a man who treated her reprehensibly.

There is little you can do except be clear with anyone who asks that you refuse to be blamed for something nasty that someone else *did to you,* and remind them that it is well known that he cheats. It's absurd, basically insane, to blame you for the crimes everyone knows he regularly commits. You know who you are. Hold your head high and be clear about what happened; You're glad they are happy, but you're not to blame for him having been a creep towards you, or towards any of the other women he's tried (or succeeded) in cheating on her with. 

Decline to speak to your cousin or her husband. Block any contact they try to make. They are dead to you if they are going to make up stories to avoid accountability.
No. She didn't owe it to him. She wasn't *required*.

But she brought it up -- she opened up the topic of this person and then she misled him about the situation. That wasn't okay.
He sounds like a well-intentioned, but immature/inexperienced boss.

Asking her to prioritize the retreat is totally normal. As is her pushing back and saying No. 

Donuts are standard. Expressing support for an employee who is putting in extra time is an important thing for a new boss, including understanding *why* their workload is requiring extra time. 

I wouldn't be concerned. Your wife is a working adult. This is probably not her first or last 'new boss' experience. You need to take a look inside and ask where these feelings in you are coming from, because they aren't rationally based on the information you've shared here.
The relationship shouldn't be salvaged. If he doesn't end it -- she should.

GFs made an understandable human mistake in not disclosing and outing herself when she first brought up the fact she didn't want to contact this person -- a totally breakup-worthy mistake if OP chooses that and I am 100% in support of him ending this relationship -- but that what her second mistake.

Her first mistake was dating a person who she couldn't trust with this reality about herself. Maybe she wasn't ready to trust anyone, but nevertheless, that first mistake is the one that is really costing her dearly right now.
She's got the appointment on the books for next week. That is the important thing.

I think the best thing you can do in the meantime is just focus on managing. You may also what she's hoping will be the short-term outcome from her first appointment, or even, if she feels she's able to come back from that appointment with one or two next steps.

Don't try to come to any big conclusions right now. She's in acute crisis and probably not in a good place for building a workable plan, and you're not the authority. Let the doctor do what doctors are supposed to do and ask your wife to include you in any decisions or advice on the next step she gains there. As long as she's able to function, see yourself as an assistant, a collaborator, not a leader. She needs to be leading when it comes to managing this trigger, and with the advice of her care team.

Patience. I know it's hard, but patience is probably your best tool for the next few weeks while your wife kicks her advanced support team into gear. Make sure you're also taking moments to care for yourself and decompress, but recognize that you're not really in control or in charge of the next steps and it's probably best you not try to exert any control or make any big asks until there is a basic treatment plan in place.
A 21-year-old feeling frightened to out themselves about a dramatic high school same-sex situationship is pretty understandable, even if it's an error to withhold from your BF of a few months.

GF made mistakes, but that doesn't justify all of OP's reactions here or how extreme they are. He's trying to round this up to cheating on the basis of... her being transparent that she doesn't want to have further contact with this woman.

They should break up. OP lacks the skills to address this error in way that is respectful.
It's four months. Just walk away.

Call this an incompatibility and just end it. She's telling you that just 'how she is' is really, really unpleasant and unkind. I always consider it a dealbreaker when someone says 'This is just how I am' when they are referring to behaving badly. Don't just keep working away at something when there is this level of hostility and lack of respect. It'll only be more anger and drama. Don't give yourself that baggage. Just opt-out.

Agree with her: Your expectations for how a relationship should look and sound like are completely different, and incompatible. Wish her well. Break up. 

This isn't something to fight for.
No. Being imperfect isn't 'fault' and it's not a twist. (Calling it 'cheating' in any way was the massive twist involved here!) A lot of OPs reaction here is accusatory and unwarranted, and shows a lack of basic understanding and empathy. Things he should be expected to show others, even if he wants to break up. Getting up in your own head, instead of showing reasonable empathy is a human risk, it doesn't make you an inherently terrible person. Being influenced by homophobia is a human risk, it doesn't make you an inherently terrible person.

I didn't call OP a monster, but he is making some serious errors as well. Your wilful refusal to recognize nuance and embrace empathy with the GFs errors, doesn't make GF a monster either.
While it was wrong of her to withhold this, her reasons are not difficult to understand. The situation was strained and probably a bit unclear to her how to describe it. She was afraid of homophobia. It was a reasonable fear. Biphobic men are emotionally unsafe and can even be physically dangerous to young bisexual women. Even women who may not identify as bisexual, will recognize the risk of discussing same-sex attraction or relationships with men.

She handled that fear incorrectly, but her fear is not confusing or even irrational, and the fact she is framing your negative response as homophonic also isn't crazy, even if you don't feel it's fair. She's not inside your head. She's drawing reasonable conclusions about the world and how she expects to be treated in it, based on how she sees others like her treated.

**You can break up with her if you want to. And since you want to, you probably should.**

But you are showing a real lack of understanding and empathy here towards an understandable error that she has taken steps to correct, and the *intensity* of your reaction to this error probably does contain some homophobic attitudes and fears.

What she did in high school with her female friend wasn't cheating on you by any reasonable definition of the word. I'm not sure why that word even came here or what you mean by 'implicit understanding', but that sure set off some alarm bells that you are framing this inaccurately and in an accusatory way that is not warranted. A certain level of privacy about past relationships -- especially strained, early situtionships  -- during the first months of dating might be hurtful, but rounding it up to this massive betrayal seems really immature and extreme to me.

However, if this is deal-breaking error for you (and I'm not saying she didn't make an error!) then break the deal. Respectfully and cleanly.
Right? They seem to forget their own mothers were probably not born into a nation where they could have a credit card or a mortgage.

So yes, when I pay my mortgage I think of my Nana, whose addict husband walked out on her, and who paid his bills to keep her home, but with the constant unnecessary risk to herself and her children, just because she was female. 

She was the warrior. She shouldn’t have had to be.
Still a big mark against her if her response to 'shit is frustrating sometimes' is to blame-shift and manipulate, and expect her BF to spend money he doesn't have or drive a car he doesn't own.

What OP said was unkind and unproductive, but it wasn't a misunderstanding:

She didn't make plans for herself. She *expected* to be taken care of by someone else. She said so explicitly. 

When the plans she didn't make, ended poorly, he accurately understood she was looking to make the situation someone else's fault, and was being manipulative. Insisting someone should offer something they cannot afford, just so you could feel good turning it down, is grossly immature behaviour and a pretty obvious attempt to further excuse her own totally unjustified anger with him during that call.
She was manipulative, and she was blame-shifting.

It may have been unkind or unprotective to say, but it was not inaccurate.

She made no plans for her own basic needs, but pressured her friends to take care of her. She got pissed with you because when her further lack of planning made her life difficult, you didn't immediately give in to the pressure to take care of her in ways that weren't feasible for you. Being on the phone with her was feasible. Paying for her cab wasn't and coming and getting her wasn't.

It's understandable for her to be upset, or even hurt. It was an unlucky and unpleasant situation. One she probably could have managed better, but nevertheless, bad things do just happen sometimes. It's a problem when an adult cannot roll with moderately bad things that just happening sometimes. It's the blame-shifting and manipulation that are the problem core problem here, and that fact she is still double-down on her demands that you treat her like your irresponsible 13-year-old who got themselves into a scrap, and not your 33-year-old adult partner who made a series of poor choices for herself. 

This is gross behaviour from an adult. Your language may have been careless, but everything about her lack of planning and blame-shifting was just gross.
Two years is already, far, far too long to be waiting.

It's understandable, while you're still in shock and grieving, to hope he'll come back, but it was never likely. It's damn near impossible at this point.

You need to let go of the delusion and the grief for the marriage that is now long over. You seem to be stuck in the space of feeling dumb and hoping for reconciliation, and you really should have been able to move past that by now. Speak to a therapist if you're still plagued by these fantasies and regrets.
In any type of relationship, there is a possibility of someone starting to treat you a bit like a therapist or pseudo-partner instead of just a friend. 

There are just people out there who make these sorts of mistakes, and push boundaries like this. Especially straight men, who are a bit less likely to be skilled at building these sorts of important friendships with people who *aren't also* the women they are having sex with. Sadly, a lot of our culture encourages men to view the women they are sleeping with as a default emotional support animal. 

I've experienced this with a few FWBs, and you just have tell them that isn't the kind of friendship you're looking to build with them. Just like you might have to tell a work friend that you're really happy to grab a drink with them sometimes, but don't really want to text daily or all weekend. 

If you're not comfortable with the 'friends' part of this 'with benefits' arrangement, you can and should speak up and re-draw the boundaries. Tell him you enjoy the connection you have, for that for you a FWB doesn't include these sorts of deep, soul-searching conversations. If that is what he needs, he needs to look elsewhere. Therapy is a good idea.

You cannot control how he takes it. He probably will be hurt. He may end the FWB arrangement. That's okay. But you can only build relationships that work for the both of you if you're honest about what you want that relationship to look like.
Nope. 

There are respectful, transparent ways to try to reconnect, but none of them apply here. In this context, it would be foolish and disrespectful. 

She’s not a toy to pick for a few weeks and then discard. She declined that role last time. No reason to believe she’s changed her mind.
Does that mean abortion is ethical if I didn’t orgasm? 

If yes, follow up: My exes mother once said she had never orgasmed with his father. Can I kill him? Or would that still be murder?
This happened to my aunt as well. She turned around and paid off her young adults children's student loans.

Thier estranged father reached out the older son expecting they'd be so grateful to him they must be willing to re-conenct with him now! Was shocked to find that the money that a court had finally forced him to pay, didn't buy his children's love.
>The reasoning behind the $6/month was that at the time she was a waitress, judge said she probably made a lot more than BD on just tips alone 

So he was just randomly accusing her of, and immediately acting as if she is guilty of, tax fraud? That's madness. If a judge thinks someone is committing tax fraud how is the correct course of action to arbitrarily deny that person's minor child their entitlements?
The system doesn't protect against one, or both parents, being lousy human beings. Only criminal ones.

My BF has a similar history to yours, but what strikes me about his story, and the little bit I know about yours, is that "never missing a payment" seems to be assumed to be *sufficient* for the father.

My brother didn't let that be sufficient. He decided that because his co-parent was just sorta shitty at being a parent -- and selfish and neglecting and treated their kid more like a buddy or therapist -- that he'd shift his entire life to do the important labour that needed doing, even though it left him poorer as an individual. Took a new job that let him be more available after school, fought for more custody, then fought down his support payments only after he was already paying more for the kid in his own home. It sucked. And he did it. Cause being a parent meant more to him than making full payments on time.

Too often I think male parents don't realize that is a choice, albeit a difficult one, that may be available to them. (Most mothers I know are very, *very* well aware that they made that choice, and put the work of parenting, even parenting alone, over their personal income potential.) I'm really proud of my brother for recognizing the best way for him to meet his kid's needs was not merely by paying what the court said he owed, but by totally changing his life to be a fully present parent.
The problem is money is fungible and a custodial parent's life is deeply, vitally intermingled with their child. You're not keeping separate grocery bills, or calculating how much of the space in your apartment the child is the primary user of. That would be absurd.

There are far too many support-payers (and dodgers) who think because they are contributing X amount to the child's care, that means the custodial parent should never buy a new pair of shoes for themselves, or have a night out -- basically that they don't *deserve* anything but complete and abject poverty.

My best friend's co-parent pulls this shit constantly. The child support payments he actually makes only just barely cover the groceries the kid consumes in the month, but he flips the hell out if she shows up with her nails done or even with a Starbucks cup in her hand. No idea what is actually costs to raise a kid, but he knows he wants her to be suffering.
Absolutely. Guy is looking through Tate's "followers" and not realizing those women are a.) largely bots and b.) largely there be viewed by the target market they are selling too. They aren't there because they want to bang Tate. They are there because they correctly understand that men who follow Tate will pay for sex online.
About 40% of custodial parents *with child support orders* get some of that ordered support paid. 

This doesn't account for the custodial parents who don't have an order or never seek one. And there are lots of good reasons (as well as plenty of bad ones) to not seek it.
It's okay to *not like* Sarah. 

A person who bragged about 'not replying to friends' would be someone I don't much like either. A person who asks for pics and then doesn't post them, would make me suspicious and irritable as well. 

If my BF had this sort of friend, I'd 100% tell him that *I don't like 'em*. They might be nice and friendly to him, but I don't find them generally nice and positive to others and they say and do some shit I find immature and attention-seeking. 

I'd also tell him if I suspected they'd be willing to fuck him behind my back if they thought for a second he'd go for it.

I know he won't go for it, so that's fine. 

And if his opinion is different and he values his friendship with her, that's okay by me. It's his call to make. But she's not gonna be my buddy. He gets to like her, and I get to not like her. I don't think highly of her and I'd hope he'll take my judgment under advisement, because I'm not a jealous person, but I'm also not an idiot.
Right now, she doesn't want to create the kind of relationship you'd prefer to have. You see her living with you, but she appears to see herself as living at home and visiting you. This doesn't sound like disrespect. It sounds like one of you need to end the relationship that isn't working. 

You need to face that honestly and ask yourself if this is a relationship you want to be in. And end it, if it's not. 

You cannot make someone respect you. You cannot force them to live with you. And you cannot make them want the same kind of relationship that you want.
It was foolish, of you both, to move in together during such a high-stress week for her.

However, if she's willing to pull the plug after only a week, I would suggest you should let her.

That isn't the behaviour or someone who was ready to do the hard work of actually living with another person, and it is hard work. Maybe you should have put forth more of an effort as well, but she just declared that her solution to the issues you've been having in these few days, is she will not be doing that work at all anymore. That's just kind of the end of that. It's difficult to move forward with someone who deals with disagreements or upsets, even reasonable ones, like that.
You drew an appropriate boundary.

Your BF response started off as unfairly nitpicky, and escalated to controlling and flat out aggressive. 

He didn’t treat you like an equal. If he says he knows you are, then his behaviour should reflect that. It didn’t here. He failed. Him having some bad feels or concerns, doesn’t excuse him treating you that way. He’s not a toddler. He’s expected to handle big feelings without behaving like one. 

How you BF expressed himself and his feelings was not acceptable. He can feel insecure or threatened, and even disappointed with your choice, without being condescending, accusatory or aggressive. 

Is this the really the first time he’s treated you like a naughty, foolish child for not obeying him precisely? Is this the first time he’s decided your judgement in your own life is unworthy of any respect? Is this the first time he’s made utterly baseless accusations about your character and intent?

Your boundary with R was completely appropriate response to Rs action and your existing level of friendship. The way your BF decided to respond to not getting his way, 100%, is deeply concerning.
If it waits a year, he’ll have nine years of payments instead of 10.

He’s done nothing wrong, but because this is worrying him, he should absolutely express that.
You need to tell her ASAP.

It's not *that* complicated a conversation. It shouldn't be embarrassing, but you do need to tell her ASAP, otherwise, it's a landmine. Defusing it is the kindest thing you can do for both of you. And it makes future, honest conversations possible. 

She has expressed she thought it was better to wait a year, and you can and should respect that.

What you need to express is the stress and confusion that agreement has created for you. Waiting a year to share this piece of information with her, is stressing you out.

What you say now is simply "I'm feeling really stressed not having this part of the money conversation: I have a significant amount of student debt. It's under control, at a very low interest rate, and I am making regular payments. But, I will still have a significant amount of stupid debt in a year, when we do have a more in-depth conversation. This is the kind of debt that I will be servicing for quite a few years more and I'm not comfortable with that being a complete surprise to you at the end of this lease. Do you have any questions, or anything else you'd like to know about that?"

Given what she knows of you so far, there is a fair chance she'll say Nope. That's enough. You're paying it and you got a plan. Good to go.
But so very far from understanding that most human individuals' depression doesn't manifest as 'Let's update my Tinder bio and go on some fun dates tehe!" and that many human individuals still struggle with depression and other mental illness, while in a long-term relationship. Even a stable and healthy one.
"I sexually assaulted a stranger 'cause I was sad. It made me feel good to make a total stranger frightened and distressed. I intend to exercise this power to abuse in the future and expect it will continue to go well for me." 

But please remind me again how men live in constant fear of "accusations" that might be embarrassing.
This man is *profoundly* unfun in bed.
She told you she truly wants to be alone. She said it was over. She said she is not discussing her reasons with you. 

That is what she told you, and that is all you get to know. Accept it. 

You’ve been hung up on this woman for ages but she’s never been your partner. You’re not a team, and you never were. You had a few months of intensity that were not a very good foundation for a serious long-term connection, and she knew it. You should have reasonably known it.

It’s time to do what you should have done ages ago, and end contact. Stop showing up at her house. Stop calling. She’s been clear. This is just a break up — and in a break up you do not get to know everything going through the other persons mind. Whatever she needs to do for safety and sanity in her own life, she has decided you are not part of that. That is her call to make and you need to make peace with it, without demanding she address your issues with her choice. That is a break up.
I don’t think it’s weird, but if your core intention is to apologize then you need to focus on that, and just apologize. It shouldn’t take more than a few sentences to say you’re sorry for how you treated her. 

Don’t go on about what you learned or praise yourself for your growth. (Of course you’ve learned and grown. So has she. Duh.) An apology isn’t an opportunity to give yourself a gold star or make yourself feel better. Just acknowledge past wrongdoing and wish her well.
This is a hell of a lot of your emotional energy to give to someone who… doesn’t come to events they don’t want to go to, and has inconsistent patterns of sharing their opinion. 

If you don’t want to be his friend, don’t be. If you don’t want to share information, take a page from his book and simply, don’t.

But writing manifesto(s) about your buddy who is simply different than you, and maybe a bit inconsistent in his boundaries, is really absurd behaviour and probably not a great use of your brain space. 

The amount of “clarity” and “correlation” you’re seeking is bizarre. You can ask him, but he can also choose not to tell you. Or, he may honestly not know. 

This whole question suggest you haven’t got your own shit figured out when it comes to what kind of boundaries you want to have and friendships you want to participate in. 

Be thoughtful about the amount of energy you put into a connection. Give advice where it’s asked for. Find some damn chill. Live and let live.
And victims of their own shit head friends too.
Every logical person, who cares for your safety and sanity in life, is going to tell you to end this  romantic connection. The fact her challenges in life are understandable, doesn't mean you can save her or that you should try to save her on your terms.

And for fucks sake use protection unless you *want* to be a father and bound to someone as a co-parent for a two decades.
You're single when you tell him you're single, and that's it's over. Or he tells you the same.

But your friends are giving you good advice; The reasonable response to this situation is "Ok. This is clearly over. We're broken up. I'm living my life as a single person now. Let's figure out why you get the rest of your stuff." 

I don't think a reasonable person could look at this situation, the lack of communication and partnership in it, and not say that this coward of an adult man is just trying to make you do the hard work of actually dumping him. He's just coasting alone enjoying the perks of your attention, until it happens. 

Doing it in person would be respectful, but it's really not more complicated than that. Imagining you may get engaged this year to a man who is making these sorts of choices seems like a pure delusion to me.
Right?! I mean if I just look at them objectively, and how they choose to present themselves, you can see Tate is deeply insecure and trying to perform machiscmo. Fraser looks relaxed, friendly and just fun. If you told me I absolutely had to go on a date with one of these men based on just a few photos alone, it'd be Fraser, hands down.
I know you're making a rape joke (and I wish we generally wouldn't do that) but the guy will likely do just fine in prison. They come down hard on cannibals and pedophiles, but a huge percentage of the men there have bet their wives/girlfriends at some point and living off of the proceeds of someone's else's sex work is just bragging rights. And Tate should remember how to throw a punch. He'll be *fine* in prison. Which says a super sad thing about both him, and prison.
In prison?
Dude, you do understand that even in this bullshit ruling, that is not what was said? Right? 

I’m genuinely concerned that some gas stations and corner stores might not realize they are not “protected” — not yet — by this ruling.

But of course, that is the real point of inventing the “inquiry from a gay couple” to a woman who doesn’t make wedding websites; To make the world more hostile and hateful for the people they loathe.
The red flag isn’t that he didn’t like it, or even that he didn’t eat it. The red flag is he didn’t talk to you about it kindly, acknowledge the effort, and make an alternate suggestion for dinner. 

Any sane adult man knew what he was doing was hurtful and he did nothing to address that or repair it. 

They are not as stupid as they like to pretend to be when it means they can avoid accountability. Stop protecting this man from the reasonable consequences of his actions! Of course you’re upset! Any normal human being would be! He knows that. You know that. You’re both agreeing to pretend it’s not true to protect his feelings at the direct expense of yours
It’s likely that, at this point in your life, the best thing you can do is walk away from your father and refuse to engage. 

My go to was often “If you don’t think men should treat women like people, I’m not going to argue with you. I’m just going to keep my distance from you because  that is hurtful and frightening.” Also a big fan of “Wow, you must really hate men to think they are all such mindless animals who can’t possible do better…”

Then disengage. Walk away. Never try to answer his questions or engage in an argument. Do not ask questions. Make dull statements like “Well, that is an ugly world you’re living in.” You can’t have a productive conversation with someone who has decided you are subhuman. They will just keep on treating you like you’re a dog trying to convince them to eat cat poop. 

You can’t save your brother, but you can show him that he won’t have happy relationships with women if he treats them poorly,
Gaslighting requires malice, and usually a pattern of it. You can make mistakes and have misunderstandings, but you cannot gaslight someone “by accident”. 

But this was a bit careless and not kind. Even if you didn’t intend to manipulate her, you were careless with your words and your choices hurt her. That’s real. That you did do, and it’s reasonable for her to be upset with your actions.

You had left her with a very clear idea that you were _all in,_ and on a shared path. You ripped that away when you said, in effect, that you were never really in love with her _yet._

She may have overreacted or been unkind as well, but her accusation held water. You need to find ways to flirt and offer praise without implying more than you mean too, or offering false promises before you are ready to make real ones. You were totally unclear about what your vision of “being serious” with her actually looked like, and you used words that she, rather reasonably, interpreted very differently than you apparently meant them. You may not be a monster but you done messed up.

Also, this kind of love-bomby and careless language is a damn good way to end up in a relationship with someone who has intense or unrealistic expectations like she did! Because you’ll attract them with that kind of shit, and you’ll repel people who are more levelheaded and thoughtful about their partnerships. Yet another reason for you to not continue this behaviour.
Apparently now the kind of required information you want to include is that you graduated from a conservative Christian liberal arts college with a nearly 90% acceptance rate. 

So weird when cheaters fill out additional biographical details…
It’s absolutely is unfair if your regularly, as a matter of habit, being more grace, effort, patience and benefit of the doubt to interactions with people who aren’t your partner. 

It sounds like you both have an issue right now where you are assuming the worst of one another, and are unable to bring in those positive qualities that make relationships between people actually function. It’s a pretty normal thing to struggle with when you’re under stress, but this is going to keep getting worse until you both decide to focus on _being kind._ Instead of on “facts” and “unfair” and who started it. You’re both deep in the shit. Either you climb out together, or everything keeps on stinking. 

But of course it’s not “unfair” to choose where and when to be assertive about your own needs. Him nit-picking your other relationships in your life because he doesn’t like that feedback he’s receiving about this relationship is not “unfair” to him. It’s annoying maybe, but not “unfair”.

Couples counselling might help here, if you are both focused on re-learning to be kind to one another and stop assuming the worst.
“Be worthy of wifing-up, but willing to be the side piece of this curmudgeon.”
Her response was extremely poor, but assuming you don't want the advice 'Break up with the insensitive cow' I'll suggest you might making a rather common beginers error:

Asking for what you want, doesn't mean you get it.

Asking is an important first step. Not a garuntunee. It's a pretty common for people in your position to think 'Hey, I learned and I asked nicely. Now give me what I want.' and that's not actually how it works. There can be lots of reasons our partner might not be able or willing to meet our exact need, in the way we want it met, at the exact moment we want it met.

Your GFs responses mean one of two things: She's a monster you should dump, or she's burnt out on being a source of validation for you, and she needs you to do more self-regulation and own your own shit. She doesn't want to solve this problem for you. She wants you to solve this damn problem and stop putting at her feet. 

It's not okay how she expressed it. She also needs to ask for what she needs, if she needs you to shove off and figure out how to cope without being constantly managed and pet by her, she also needs to say that. Maybe nicer, but that.

You're not being petty. She's not being nice. You have been fixating, and probably ignoring how heavy the emotional burden you've been asking your partner to meet is getting. Either that, or she's a vicious harpy you should break up with. Take your pick.
So you sulked for days and refused to communicate with him, which became insufferable for him to be around without saying anything, and then got mad when he keep his commitment to his friend?

Get a grip. Seriously. The resolution here was good, the root of the problem was _the sulking_ and withholding.

You needed to take a time out to manage your own feels and it was probably for the best you ended up with one. Just because you are having a big feel doesn’t always mean you partner drops everything to address it. Sometimes you have to cry and out and manage your shit,
I would just decline. 

Your relationship is with her, not him. There is nothing for you to gain from this. He's asking you to serve his needs, even though you have no foundation of friendship to base that on. 

You can and should be friendly and civil if/when they decide to socialize together, but you're allowed to be 'tense'. Both of them need to understand that as a reasonable consequence of his behaviour, and her choice to remain with him. But, you do not owe him any of this emotional labour for this sort of conversation. The odds of you having any success at holding him accountable are slim to nil. It is far more likely he will continue his pattern of making his feelings and his behaviours the fault of others, in this case, of you. 

Tell him you will welcome him in any social situation he joins as your friend's chosen partner -- that is that the extent of your relationship, he is her choice and you respect and honour her choice -- but you are not his friend and you are not interested in putting in the work to become his friend at this point. You are not available to him that way.

Those would be my boundaries and I'd expect them both to respect them. It's not my job to hold some asshat's hand through his sobriety after he abused my friends for years. It's his job to show up at events, be less of an asshat, and recognize no one else owes him a damn thing more than that.
He’s either not interested, or lacking in really basic skills and consideration when it come sit planning dates. 

Either way, waste of your time.
They are actually totally cool with sex work. They want this to be a transaction where they buy emotional support and sex. 

They just aren’t cool with woman setting the price. They need to go to a place where they imagine the woman are poor enough that they can purchase it at a pittance and she’ll be grateful for the job.
You also won’t find many vegans at a pig roast. 

You’ve got a movement that on the gentler side, thinks woman should stay at home and make babies, and on the not so gentle side thinks women who don’t stay at home should know what they are signing up for and deserve what they get.
So 10 of 11 of these women are not drama seeking asshats. 

And 0 outta of these 11 men have any integrity at all.
Is this really the first time he’s been controlling and hypocritical, or threatened to end the relationship because you didn’t perform in “ladylike” ways? 

Because it appears he thinks there are one set of rules for him in life, and a completely different set for you.
It’s handle. You told her No, and to keep her opinions to herself. If she tries to speak to you or your husband again, you repeat it a hit more strongly. “We’ve heard your opinion. We disagree. This conversation is closed. We expect you to behave with kindness and respect from here on out.” 

You can speak again when she’s done pouting that she didn’t get her way and get free reign to shame you.

If she never gets over it, that’s also a win. Talk to your husband about the boundaries, but this is a pretty clear case of if she can’t say anything kind, she is invited to say nothing. If she can’t even do that, you won’t be speaking.
Yes. 

This is very much a case of you needing to put your own oxygen mask on first. 

You are trapped, and the goal post for what “getting help” looks like will probably keep moving. Keeping you trapped. 

If it’s not safe to be legally bound to him, then it’s not safe, and you need to act on that reality now. Start taking steps towards safety.
I’m not proud of it, but it’s been validating over the years to find out how many my exes friends dumped him or ghosted him in the months after our break up. I didn’t realize at the time how much I’d been running interference and smoothing ruffled feathers. Without me around, his ability to maintain other relationships seems to have suffered as well.
This. It was what dawned on me too.  

Realizing that if my ex treated anyone else the way he treated me, he’d be fired and friendless 100x over. It wasn’t that he couldn’t do it, he just wouldn’t do it when it came to me.
She didn’t know what she meant.

You did exactly what you needed to do, asking her what the difference was, and what would qualify under “plus” that wouldn’t appear in a BF/GF relationship.

The fact she couldn’t give you an answer and that you had to puzzle it out yourself was a red flag, and I don’t think the issue was about language proficiency. 

The only thing to learn here is not to try to force an agreement where there isn’t one.
Can you make agreements about “office time” during the summer? Specific, fixed times when you will go to the office, or be working and only working. All the more better if you can reinforce this schedule by actually leaving the house during this time. 

Playing it by ear obviously isn’t suiting either of you, and it makes sense that she and kids are “playing it by ear” over the summer months. You are still working. You either have hours, or tasks that need to be completed. You need more structure and clear expectations.
Oh yeah. And you’ll resell it easily enough (easier even if you hold on to it for a year and sell it in June). If you have a bedroom door that closes even a really small one will be fine. Just don’t try to make a small one cool 4x the area it’s meant to.
Ha, yeah. No way to know.

If it were just you I’d say roll the dice and find out. But if you can swing a second hand or sale one for the doggo, even if it only does one room, that’d be my call.
I wouldn’t chance it with a dog. 

We’re all but guaranteed a few 28 afternoons coming our way soon and you won’t know what that is like in your place till you know. I don’t use my air conditioner very often — north facing and little direct light. But for 15-20 days of the year it’s necessary for me to function in the late afternoon, and I’d say about half those days it gets me a better sleep as well. Add another week or two of me just not having to be concerned for the pupper.
Are misogynists made or revealed?

She cheated. She gets left and exposed during divorce proceedings. She looses friends and ends up with a hostile coparenting relationship— all totally fair to her, although maybe not all fair to their children. Those are the consequences.

If he’s out in the world treating other women like shit or worse, that is on him. If his daughters are aware of him doing this (and they will be if they aren’t already) that’s on him. And it makes me suspect he was always looking for excuse to do so. She just handed him the perfect story to justify himself with.
You made a reasonable choice to address a problem that existed solely inside your own brain, by limiting the amount of useless-yet-anxiety-provoking information your brain received.

Don't see a problem here.

Managing input is a totally valid strategy.

I live my entire life with read receipts off for this very reason. Needlessly anxiety provoking. Not sure why anyone would want to use them in a healthy interpersonal relationship to be brutally honest.
Be specific — touchy is vague and accusatory, you gotta be specific and clear — and don’t shift the blame on to your new girlfriend.

“Y, No hand-holding okay? That’s not a friendship thing for me.” 

Don’t say anything about your girlfriend. Tell Y what you like and don’t like _in your friendship_. If hugs hello or goodbye are cool, say so. If often helpful to shift to what is welcome, and not fixate on what isn’t. 

Also consider this though; If you drastically change how you treat friends when you’re in a relationship, you’re kind of telling your friends that when you’re single, you see them as an option and you’re making it easy for them to blame your partner, for choices that are actually totally yours. Healthy boundaries with people you value as friends should stay pretty consistent, whether you’re single or not.

You can’t control how Y is gonna respond, but you also can’t have a happy and healthy friendship with her if you can’t tell her what your own feelings and boundaries are.
Don’t try to parent your siblings. I know it sucks, but that big-sister fix it role is toxic and won’t save anyone. 

Instead, just sent them fucking memes. I’m serious. Send them funny videos you think they might like. Make small talk about the damn weather or a new game release. If you’re on a trip or outta town, send them a damn postcard. Share happy news with them if you got a new job or a raise. Let them know, though your actions, that there is a life out there and that you and they are connected in that adult life, separate from your parents. Try have a point of contact once or twice a week where you let them now you’re thinking of them. If possible, invite them to hop on a bus or something and _visit you._ 

If they open up or vent, don’t scold, validate that it is bad. They think it sucks because it does suck. When they make mistakes or act out, remember and remind them they get to make mistakes and they get to be angry — but they also get to be happy and free of this shit soon too. 

You’re not their saviour. You can’t rescue them, but you can help them them find their own bridge out.

Forget your parents. You don’t need to be on their side right now. Let that shit play out on its own. Connect with you sisters as people, as young adults. Sometimes it’ll be shitty and thankless work, but it’s way more likely to pay off in the future then fussing over the decades of poor choices your parents are making.
Let’s not minimize it quite that much. 

Hunter pulled the same shit most rich white children from a political dynasty do: He expensed personal expenses as if they were business one. And they found one email and one text (allegedly) where he said the equivalent of “Don’t you know who my Daddy is?!”

He got caught, and he’s getting a spanked a good bit harder than Trumps kids did when they literally stole 10x that from a charity.
What is the allegation exactly?

That his son made a vague implication about him in two text messages? That the statue of limitations ran out on tax fraud in 2014, so they only got him on 2017 and 2018? 

If this is the result of the the DOJ and one of the most powerful men on the planet interfering, they are completely fucking incompetent.
Instead of putting yourself in the middle, recommend that your wife speaks to someone — a therapist — to help her find ways to navigate this relationship that will make her happiest and most secure. 

Don’t see yourself your as the authority, who knows what she needs to do (cause you don’t know actually know, you have a decent idea but you don’t really know) tell her she’s struggling and deserves help. You’re biased, and she’d probably get the best advice for herself, for what she actually wants to achieve, from someone who isn’t. She might not want to achieve, in her relationship with her mother, what you think she should. 

It’s okay to also tell her you’re really frustrated with this pattern, but the focus should be on that this is a big problem, and it’s one she can absolutely ask for more help and skilled advice on.

And don’t minimize the fact that your life and plans currently depend a great deal on free child care from the in-laws, if they do. That’s not a footnote. That is a key consideration.
You are over thinking this. 

She’s rude. Taking it personally is not going to help the situation.

She’s not your bestie. Just keep your distance and learn to shrug it off. Odds are good the rest of the family has.
I’d say you’re shamelessly naive at best, and disingenuous at worst, if you genuinely believe that shameless was the only thing included above that was a gendered insult and or an thinly veiled attack and manipulation of his female partner. 

I sincerely hope you’re not a woman. You’d lack some really key skills needed to keep yourself safe and choose respectful relationships of the only problem above you can identify is that. And I’ll assume you’re not, since you seem to be blissfully unaware that you might have a bias that blinds you, or keeps valid information from you.

Good luck in life.
Seriously though, I don’t think so. I mean, I love mine but in zero gravity I think I’d go back to tampons. I think? Now I’m curious really!
Yes.

If you do not want to live with his mother, and/or you are not comfortable in a relationship with someone who is finically supporting their parent for the rest of their lives, then this isn’t the relationship for you. 

Your BF has not shown he’s capable of saying no. You need to protect your own sanity and future. Don’t let this woman trap you into a life you don’t want to live.

You can give you BF a warning about this dealbreaker, but you need to be ready to break this deal.
He shouldn’t propose. No one has suggested he should!

He should have the integrity and intellectual constancy to leave the relationship, instead of just creating a relationship so hostile to her values and her gender that he can blame her when she does what she should, and leaves. 

He should stop talking shit about the evil women of the world who are out to get him and harm the children, and end a relationship where their goals are incompatible instead of just pontificating about how terrible women are and then how terrible this one woman is for not sticking around and “working through” the small issue of his open contempt for her. 

And don’t give me this disingenuous shit that he was pulling that 80% stat out as some sort of neutral mathematical fact. That is not the context and we both know it. If you think the only problematic thing here is the shameless comment then your mind is so “open” I’m shocked it hasn’t fallen out of skull. 

Men many have lots of things working against them in life, but this one is acting like shit.
You're responding to a post that is literally full of a man expressing to his GF of eight years how truly and deeply awful women are. You see that, right? That is what he is doing. He is "all womaning" his partner of eight years in the most demeaning possible way, while connecting those demeaning attitudes towards her entire gender, to why he is not willing to consider certain kinds of life commitments to her as an individual.

What I did, was point out why his behaviour, as an individual, was utter fucking bullshit and a lose/lose for the OP. That's not all men. Just him. He's bad. Based on what we have here, he is a bad person for a woman to continue in a serious relationship with.
You can expect an adult man not to throw little temper tantrums every time he is mildly inconvenienced by day-to-day life.

He's not just 'expressing his feelings'. He is failing to manage his bad attitude, and making everyone around him suffer for it. He is weaponizing his grumpiness and his incompetence, in order to bully you into leaving him alone. It's shitty when a teenager does it. It's utterly unacceptable in a damn adult.

Raise your expectations. Expect him to do it. Expect him take notice without being instructed like a lazy employee. Expect him to not act like a shit about it. Tell him these are now the expectations. Tell him a marriage will not survive, not forever, if he truly cannot meet them. Because it won't. Eventually, you will get fed up. Almost all women in your position do. 

You know he can do things he doesn't love without acting like a whiney toddler, because if he couldn't, he'd constantly be getting fired. He can do this. He just doesn't think you deserve the effort.
Your parents are shit.

Even if they had anything like a point about you struggling with your boards or to find employment, you and your BF are nearly 30. If you're dating seriously, his family *should* get to know you, warts and all. 

The odds are good his parents won't be as shitty as yours.
"And we'll make sure to send [10 billion tampons!](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DZbUGM--2X4)"
Tell your GF exactly what you'd like to do over those days, and ask her which activities she'd like to join you and which ones don't interest her. Suggest a romantic dinner in town. Invite her to take one of the trails. Then build your plan, and it would probably be practical and kind for that plan to include an afternoon on the beach with her. Or a massage. Or any other number of 'relaxing' periods together.

It's okay to have different needs and interests on vacation, and your GF has told you that your proposal doesn't include enough 'together' time over those three days. That's not insane, it's just different. So re-consider. I'd especially advise you to make sure your last full day of the vacation is a positive one for you both, together.

It's not rocket science. Both of you are digging in rather obnoxiously and assuming the worst of one another instead of actually talking about what matters to you both. You have things you want to do. She values relaxation and time together. Offer some plans and some reassurance and sort it out.
You do nothing. This is your BF to handle. It's on him to tell you what he plans to do, and to tell his father what is going to happen. That includes facing the consequences for making choices.

If there was no explicit household rule against you two hooking up, then don't apologize. There is nothing to apologize for. You existed, as his GF, in a space where you both reasonably believed you were welcome. 

Your BF needs to figure out how to navigate this. For now, you're not welcome in that home. Accept it with some grace and make alternative plans.
The first thing you do is agree with him: If she is sick, she *is unwelcome.*

If she *feels unwelcome*, it's because she has violated this boundary in the past and he has failed to communicate to her what is really expected of her. Which is to not come of she is ill. That's not you putting ideas in anyone's head. That is literally the reality. Sick visitors are unwelcome. Including her, if she's sick.

Then your husband needs to stop *asking*, and start *telling*.

You and he need to come to an agreement about the boundary, and what will happen if she doesn't honour it. And he needs to tell her what that boundary is, and what your response will be if it's violated. For example "If you are unhealthy, do not come. If you come and you develop a flu or cold, we're going to have you isolate from the rest of the family, and change your flights."

You cannot control what she does, and neither can he. But the problem you could solve is getting rid of this tip-toeing, faux-polite language and just say what you mean. It's not "Are you sick?" it's "If you have any symptoms you're not welcome in our home. No one who is symptomatic is welcome in our home at this time. This is what you need to expect if you become symptomatic, while visiting us. If you are not happy with these terms, do not visit at this time."
At some point it has to stop mattering if he can help it or not. The outcome is the same. 

He *is* manipulative and insulting and abusive. That is what happened since the start, and is happening now. 

You can *feel sorry* for him if you think he genuinely cannot do any better, but you can't *date* him and expect to be happy and healthy with him. He is manipulative and insulting and abusive. That's the reality. 

And you're being naive. This is intentional. Even if he knows it's wrong, the vast, vast majority of this is intentional. These are tactics he's learned and are practicing, to make himself feel okay and get what he wants.
There is no should.

If you don't like it, say so.

Personally, when my partner is clearly fishing for validation, I try to make sure I'm a generous source.
I never actually met someone over the age of 14 who has expressed this, but it's one of those funny turns of phrase that can absolutely *feel* exclusionary in some contexts. If you're talking to a room of 20 people and it's a good mix, "guys" is more obviously inclusive. If you're talking to a room of 20 people and there are only one or two women, it can hit differently. 

The thing about arguing "It's neutral 'cause that's how we use it!" is you're arguing for a non literal meaning and relationship between the word and a concept. And I'm here for it! But if you're gonna argue for a non-literal relationship between the word and a concept, then you need to also know it's *fuzzy*. The conceptual framework is not necessarily always the same.
You can’t. 

And that’s not a boundary. 

A boundary would be “I’m not going to go out with you if you’re wearing those.”
Or “ I’m not comfortable daring someone who makes this choice.” A boundary is about what you do, when you decide you cannot accept or tolerate something another person chooses. 

You’ve expressed your preference and he’s said No. That is where this ends. It’s not a debate or a negotiation. 

I’m sorry you gender flipping narrative isn’t going to go the way you hoped here.
But he's not a sex tourist!

These dumb women can't tell the difference between him, and an entitled Western sex tourist, who would act exactly like he is acting.
I realize you probably don’t mean to be sincere, but Yes. That would be a comparable trap, and a similar sort of emotional terrorism.

Especially if she paired with it occasional hollow  promises that she might agree to some of what the man wanted in the future relationship (like kids or marriage or mortgage) if he just stuck it out and tried to prove he wasn’t like other men by suppressing his own wishes or needs in the relationship for some undefined length of time.
“Changing his mind” is not the trap.

Making up your mind that women/men are to blame if you don’t get what you want or shit doesn’t work out for you, and using that belief to attack the one individual woman/man you’ve been with for nearly a decade, is the trap. 

He’s told her if she leaves him for not wanting what she wants then she’s just the rest of those evil women who don’t stay loyal and if she stays because she puts faith in the little crumbs of a baby future he occasionally drops, she’ll be one of those awful woman who wants to baby trap a good guy. That’s the trap that is laid for her to protect his ego at her expense, leaving her the hard work of recognizing they are actually incompatible (because he doesn’t say “We might not want the same thing” he is saying “Give me what I want or you’re a bad woman”) and the work ending this relationship and of being blamed for ending this relationship. It has nothing to do with a person just changing their mind.
I think you have some serious thinking to do about what his role in the business actually is. 

Are you _a team_? Or is this _your business_? Is he your unpaid helper with this new job of yours? Or your employee? Is he investing in this with his time or any risk? Or is he just your partner you make life plans and have obligations with? 

If this _your business_, and you’ll be using it to meet your financial agreements in the relationship on your own, then sure, tell him to shove it and be supportive.

But if you’d want to be a team, and have his unpaid help for the new company, or have him share in the risks of being an entrepreneur, then you cannot tell him to just grin and bare it. If you want him to share the risks, then you can’t always pull rank and silence him. 

You have a dream he doesn’t share, and that can still work as long as you both understand his role and maintain boundaries. You need to realize that if you want him to be your teammate and takes this risk with you, then you need to listen to him and accept if he feels strongly or differently than you. If he’s just your partner, and this is _your job_ then you can tell him not to say anything if he has nothing nice to say.
I’m far more concerned that you’re only “allowed” to walk around the room for exercise.

You do seem hypersensitive to anything food related. They also seem rude. Both things can be true. 

All of that pales in comparison to the fact you seem to have accepted your partner imprisoning you… 

Stick with the therapy. You have way bigger issues than his sister not accurately observing how many tacos you ate.
The first thing you do is give yourself permission to be upset. Not furious with him. Just hurt, and upset. You had a reasonable belief and a basis in trust and that got pulled away from you. That’s sad. That’s painful.

The second thing you do is trust him to do the work he needs to do. You cannot do it for him. You can examine and address your response, but you can’t aid him in managing his own shit. He needs to manage it. You need to trust and _expect_ that he will do so, and he will communicate what assistance he needs. 

Running around trying to read his mind on how to help him is not going to improve the issue here. That’s just more of the same problem as before. 

A relationship where you can’t rely on your partner to be honest with isn’t going to survive. That actually isn’t something you can fix for him. That’s something he needs to recognize he must fix, if he wants a healthy relationship.
How dare those females not want to talk to someone on a dating app, that they didn’t actually indicate they wanted to talk to on that  dating app. /s
Yeah. I can believe he did, and all those women he thought were “furious” were actually quite uncomfortable and using the very wise “stay perfectly still, don’t attract the crazy persons attention” strategy for public transit.
I can’t believe I had to scroll this far.

This was a deliberate, planned act of abuse, with a little bit of public shaming thrown in, and bonus points for isolating GF from any immediate support network. 

Nothing she could have done justified that act.

It’s fucking madness people are talking about couples privilege and boundaries instead of just praying that this woman runs for the damn hills before OP feels entitled to further escalate his tactics to “make his point”.
You’re describing her being inconsiderate, and you being abusive.

That wasn’t an asshole move, that was abuse.

If she was asking for advice, I’d be telling her to pack her bags because she’s currently living with a man who used gifts as weapons and used her flaws, however real they are, to justify his  deliberate, malicious abuse.
You really think it’s wise or productive to assigned your introverted partner, who is working hard to engage with others, a new task she must do at the same time or you’ll be upset with her? Do you really think this is going to result in anything except her withdrawing further from everyone? 

Don’t let your pride turn into her burden. 

The first thing you do is seriously reconsider if this needs to be discussed at all, or if you just need to manage your own responses and stop stewing. 

If you decide you need to talk about it, start by actually recognizing the work she’s already doing before you start giving notes. Give praise and validation for how she focuses on others and ask questions, like if she notices or even agrees with what you think you’ve noticed. Then ask her for the favour. Do not accuse, do not declare your experiences to be objective reality, acknowledge you are probably being oversensitive and fixating, do not assign her more work while she socializes. Manage your own shit. Trust that she doing the work. Ask for favours/awareness but don’t make your shit her job.
Your ex has the emotional maturity of a toddler.

It would be dangerous to rely on such an unstable and disloyal person for your financial security. 

It’s really no more complicated than that. Trusting him is a stupid risk to take.
It’s okay to admit this relationship doesn’t serve your needs. It’s okay to admit it doesn’t serve your needs, even if he can’t help it. 

You don’t have to understand perfectly what his thoughts or experiences are. 

You can look at your thoughts and experiences and make a decision based solely on that. 

In fact, that is always the way you should make this sort of decision when it comes to dating, just dating someone. Not by trying to read someone else’s mind or dreaming of the couldbes of the future, but by asking if this relationship actually works for you today, as it is. 

Does this relationship meet your needs? Do you feel happy, secure and respected?
The perfect trap.

No matter what happens in this relationship, as long as she stays, it’ll be her fault. When she leaves, it’ll be her fault.

He’s a 30 year old man who is not responsible for any of his own choices because the evil womens are _making_ him do shit, or worse, leaving him when he maybewouldhavereallysoon had done some shit how dare she judge him on his actual actions and not his vague promises!
Dude, if the porn is making you uncomfortable you could just not watch it. That's okay too.

The porn made for men and consumed by men has very little to do with any individual woman you're at risk of meeting in real life.
It's exactly that.

Often when a heavy dose of "She wanted/deserved it. Good on him for getting what he wanted from the hot young piece."
I always say the same thing: I'm not questioning *her* judgement, I'm questioning *his*.

Talking about autonomy and self-determination is just moving the goalposts. We're actually talking about judgment and risk, not consent. There can be consent. There is still a valid question of the older person's judgment, and the younger's risk. 

I am sure the 22-year-old is quite mature and competent -- probably above average for their age. That is part of why an older person with ill intent would target them. The outward appearance of maturity is a great mask for the behaviour they wish to actually engage in.

I'm sure the 22-year-old is making reasonable choices on the basis of the information they have. And they have limited information. 

What the fuck is wrong with the 40-year-old who thinks this is a reasonable choice for an equitable and respectful relationship? I  know whys a 22-year-old might think that about dating a 40-year-old, but I do not know a sane and balanced 40-year-old who would agree.

We don't need to judge the 22-year-old as anything except a person who objectively has only 22 years of life experience. 22 years of bullshit-detecting (or really, about 4 or so useful years) compared to the decades of experience of the older someone with, poor judgment, and likely will ill intent, who has learned to mask their bullshit.
It's *advice*. 

I imagine OP comprehends just fine that one of the randos online whose opinion she sought out is not an omnipotent, supreme master to whom she is, by inexplicable force, required to obey. 

But hey, maybe they were confused, so good on you.
You’re assume he knows what there is to confess. He may very well may not.

What you know is that he kissed someone else. That can be enough.
Straight people can cheat. Gay people can cheat. Bi people can cheat. It's all the same really. They can all also choose to be monogamous. 

There is nothing you could do to save yourself, and really, he may still honestly *be straight*. You can't really know, but that isn't actually the core problem here.
Ah yes, the old "I am incapable of building actual friendships with female persons, and perceiving them as anything other than sex objects, therefore all men as just as trash me." 

Always a nice and tidy 🚩
It's reasonable to give the younger person advice that this is risky, and can be harmful.

We don't have to keep such an open mind that our brains fall right out. We can balance respect for individuals with basic reason and valid concerns.

But if it's legal, there is not much besides *giving advice* that most other people can do to force the younger person to stop dating this adult.

I understand your feelings, but you need to remember the adults involved here are going to want to make sure the young person has safe places to turn when this goes badly and that they are not isolated from everyone else in their life who actually cares for them. Abusers like to isolate victims. This can be especially easy for an abuser to achieve in this sort of age-gap relationship if everyone takes an absolutist position.

You can be right to judge the 22 year old person is doing a very bad thing and making a bad judgment that raises serious concerns about their intentions and motivations, but attacking them directly may not be the best way to support the 15-year-old person, and keep the risks as low as possible for them. There is a balance.
Block him.

Stop feeling badly for him and start getting *mad* at him for how badly he's treating everyone else. Especially you.

He doesn't love you. Not as a person. He doesn't give a shit about you.

He's just cast you in a role in his personal little drama and he's trying to force you to play it whenever he gets bored with his real life. This is his little script and he just playing it out. It's non-consensual roleplay. It's gross. It's childish. It's mean. He's actively manipulating you and hurting you, for his own amusement, whenever he can't think of anything more fun to do. It's not love. It's nothing like love. 

Block him everywhere. That is the only way you'll break free of being a side character in his story, and start being able to really live your own.
While it's painful, it doesn't *really* matter.

The outcome of this situation is you have to end the relationship. He cheated. He broke the agreement. He lied to you about it. He doesn't appear to understand what he did was wrong. It was wrong if he is straight, and it's wrong if he is not straight. 

It doesn't matter what the truth is inside his own head, about his own sexuality. He may well be straight. You'll probably never know. He might not even know, and not be able to tell you the truth.

Don't debate him. Just say "You made out with someone else. You're not telling me he forced you. You're not even seeming to say it's a drunken mistake and you're sorry! You're just telling me you played along and choose to make out with someone else. If I can't trust you not to make out with someone else, anyone else, then we shouldn't be together. It's not right for either of us to continue in that case."
You're wrong for staying in a marriage with someone you are trying to exert an absurd amount of control over, and who simply does not agree with you. And who is an adult human being, and entitled to not agree with you.

And frankly, didn't agree with you before marriage either.

You need to have some damn boundaries for *yourself*, not try to make rules you imagine you can force your wife to follow. Boundaries are for you, agreements are for the two of you together. When you try to say things like "You can't be friends with him" you're trying to make a rule, like you would for a toddler. It doesn't work that. 

Marriage work on agreements, not rules. If you no longer have an agreement that works, walk away from this before you further demean yourself. That's the boundary. The boundary is you walking away from something you have said you cannot tolerate.
"Why misogyny?"

"Well, that is clearly a coordinated attack against us for... being exactly the cesspool anyone would have expected when it comes to a successful woman comic."
Forced to give birth _and very likely die in the process._

They are literally crowing for the death of women and _children_ 
, and calling the rest of ghouls.
The stoic provider is *such a shit deal* for men too. I've seen so many men made miserable by it (especially since it's basically a myth for most families in 2023). I don't see why anyone would cling to it *except* that it codifies their dominance over women. There is basically no other perk except that you get to tell yourself you're the boss, and ignore a lot of the housework? I guess for some guys that's a biggie.
It's not okay to make your partner the one who failed to get you there.

It's not okay when women do that to men. It's not okay that you're describing doing it to others.

I'd *never* tell a partner they didn't "get me" to orgasm. I'd tell them what I experienced, did I orgasm, how good was it, how it could be better, and what I like or don't like, but would never, *ever* make my orgasm their *sole responsibility* with that kind of terrible language. There are lots of reasons I may not reach an orgasm that have nothing to do with them, and I can ask for what I want without telling, or even implying to them, that t*hey failed to get me there*.

If you're telling people *they didn't get you ther*e, that's not a critique. You may intend to follow up that comment with a critique, but that's criticism and blame for something they were not in full control of. It's not okay when women do that to men. It's not okay that you're describing doing it to others. Especially not someone else who *is* making an effort to prioritize your pleasure as well, or who reasonably did not have information you didn't give them.

*That is* how you crush an inexperienced partner -- by assigning blame for something they could not know without being told, and implying ownership of something they do not own -- and make an experienced one reconsider you.
Whereas men never ever lie about their age or weight. Only height. And only height because women are shallow and unfair to everyone under 6'6" and not because they have unmanaged personal insecurities or a deeply warped sense of how to perform masculinity, mostly from and for other men... /s
The perspective I have in my 30s is why I caution young people against this. That isn't a projection. That is a valid kind of information. Calling it projection is just a common way to dismiss women with "She's just old and jealous". That is hard-earned information I didn't have available to me a decade ago.

Have all of the older individuals in large age-gap relationships actively chosen that relationship due to the power imbalances inherent in it? No. Of course not. I don't know any reasonable human being who has made that argument. We all know the exceptions. We've all met them. But the generalization exists, because most of us have met fare more of those. 

Are a hell of a lot of those older partners with ill-intent and/r bad behavior? Yes. Absolutely. If the experience gap wasn't part of the attraction to this dynamic, the age-gap relationship would be much less likely to appear as a compatible match to the older person. If someone comes online for advice from random strangers about their experiences in a relationship as a much younger partner, you can't be giving very good advice if you ignore that dynamic.

Keeping an open mind doesn't mean letting your brain fall right out of your head.

Being respectful of individual choice, doesn't mean never expressing an informed, reasonable opinion about the risks associated with that choice.

Anyone in their 20s, man or woman, should be advised that a large age gap relationship carries a different set of risks and that they should be aware of those risks, and keep their eyes wide open for them, because 100% of us think we are the expectation to the rule, and the vast majority of us are going to be wrong.
Not a dude, but I'd expect this guy is talking about the distinction between a prostate orgasm and a penile orgasm, but lacks the sexual education to describe it very accurately. (Hell, he might be appalled to realize the 'real orgasm' he's describing is perfectly well understood by many gay men...)

While some men can experience both simultaneously, for a lot of men a prostate orgasm is not associated with ejaculation itself, whereas a penile one pretty much always is associated with ejaculation (unless you're engaging in some pretty particular practices I won't get into here!). Not everyone requires anal penetration in order to stimulate the prostate, but most seems too in my direct experience. It's sometimes called the p-spot (analogous to g-spot, but obviously different anatomically speaking) because it's also full of nerve endings and the orgasm associated with it are described as a more full-body experience. More similar to what women describe from g-spot orgasms.

But again: Not a guy. Just answering because I feel like you're unlikely to get an answer from a man or AMAB person here (and one willing to be open about anal play). Just a queer woman with some decent sex education and a strap-on.
That is pretty different. I was a young adult with a job and an apartment. I could consent and I did. I was inexperienced, but not powerless. That is straight-up criminal what you're describing. Even if you could *legally* consent to sex in the country where you live (and you probably couldn't at 14) that would still be abuse, and criminal. It would still be abuse, and criminal if you'd be 20 years older when it happened.

I'm sorry you went through that. I hope you're doing well these days.
That's it. This whole argument about the younger person (ie, the woman) is just classic blame women for men's bad behaviour.

I absolutely consented to my relationships with men in thier 30s and 40s when I was 20.

I was also gaslighted and manipulated very deliberately by most of those men, because while I did sort of accidentally end up dating them -- I didn't have any big thing for older men -- they did not accidentally end up dating me. They selected me for my inexperience and my appearance of maturity. The first is why they got away with their shit, and the second is why it was even somewhat socially acceptable for them to date me, because 'Well, she so mature for her age!'

I never question the maturity or intelligence of the 20-something with the 40-something. I know she's mature and intelligent. Probably more so than most. That is why is part of why she is a desirable target for this behaviour. A 20-year-old who acts like a teenager isn't what these men want. They want someone who passes, and whose positive personal qualities can be used to excuse and justify their predation.
Hah. I have so much first-hand experience with this delusion.

Men say "Oh, you're catching feelings!" when I say shit like "I like hooking up with you, but you need to stop trying to sext with me during my workday and then pouting about it when I don't engage. I'm busy." or "Dude, I like hooking up with you but I'm not paying $50 for an Uber both ways every single time. We can share the expense, or you can come my way sometimes." or even "If you booty call me at 10:45 for an 11 pm meet on a Tuesday, I'm probably already asleep, and also No. Don't blow up my phone." 

In almost every single case where I expressed boundaries or needs in a transparent casual sex/FWB situation that the man didn't like or couldn't meet, he declared that I had "caught feelings" and was "trying to make it a relationship." 

It's so predictable now I just laugh and end contact. "She caught feels" it the go-to cope for men who don't want to treat casual sex partners with any respect.
Is he talking about prostate orgasms? Does he realize he's talking about the prostate?

If you wanna get pegged dude you have to be able to say so. Like we've been encouraging women for a little while now to explore their own pleasure, know what works for them, and speak up about what gets them off.

Guys can and should do the same, absolutely! I'm here for it. But that isn't about anyone else "getting better at sex". That's about you getting better at talking about sex! 

And honestly, I've never heard people rank other people's orgasms before. Rank thier own? Sure. But other people's? That's just fucking weird.

I think you might need to buy a butt plug dude.
"Cause her reasons are totally *emotional* and predictable flaws in her weak female character. My reasons for breaking my agreements are just natural and rational."

The mind boggles at this shit. It really does.
I'm glad other people piled on here cause I read through this and I just couldn't.  I didn't have to bandwidth to deal with an adult man jumping in and telling this exhausted woman she wasn't entitled to her anger, or to express it clearly. That she had to hold her grown ass husbands hand through the basics of human decency and empathy. 

That while dealing with a farm, a small child, *and fucking cancer*, she had to further set herself aflame to make sure her poor little hubby didn't have to have to face the reasonable consequences for his bad behaviour (her anger, and a very serious fight, being a perfectly reasonable and foreseeable consequence of his bad behavior).

Who doesn't understand that some 'fights' are necessary and valid and that a fight doesn't mean "cussing and insults". A fight means saying "You're wrong and you done fucked this up. This is not a debate. This me telling you that your behaviour is unacceptable." That's a fight, and a fight worth having. A 42-year-old marine doesn't need to be *petted* or begged to behave like his wife is a human being, he needs to be told he is the wrong and he done fucked up. He needs be told to shape up or ship out. 

This guy just put a masterclass on why more and more women are forgoing marriage entirely.
"Men are just dumb animals! You have to respect and accept us as dumb animals incapable of leaving relationships that aren't meeting our needs, acting with integrity before impulse, or communicating with our female partners as if they were full human beings."

I've never met a feminist who thinks so little of men, as these sorts of men think of other men.

And he also probably thinks men are the dumb animals who can't behave ethically without regularly 'getting their rocks off' with a hopefully consenting woman, who should be basically in charge of everything.
Or, what’s really going on is he’s turned off by the constant accusations, the refusal to believe him when he speaks, and lack of emotional regulation OP displayed here. 

Lots of men also need to feel safe and respected to be aroused.
He was right to break up with you. 

You didn’t believe him about his sexual interest. There are lots of things you can in a healthy relationship when you’re having doubts or concerns, but accusing your partner over and over of lying to you is not one of them. That was already a huge problem. I don’t know about the laughing, but in your own report here you had already created a really toxic situation by repeating your accusations over and over again and refusing to accept any answer. You should have left if you weren’t satisfied. 

But you didn’t leave, feb you did have a violent outburst. I won’t tolerate people who throw things in anger either. 

He’s made up his mind and been clear. It’s sad, but it’s just a break up. All you can do is be better in the future, with someone else.
You know that’s not cute. He knows it’s not cute. Cute is not what he’s trying to achieve with that. 

That’s cringey and controlling, and he’s manipulating you.
That’s right. Everyone and everyone’s family dynamic is different. She’s told you what she sees the risks as for her family and her relationships, and she’s not willing to take them. It’s not really fair to decide not to believe her just because it wouldn’t work out the same way in your family. 

It is discouraging and sad. Dale was an abusive piece of shit. But Anna isn’t. You and Anna have a disagreement. A serious and painful one, but still just a disagreement. It’s up to you what that means for the friendship. Some friendships can survive those sorts of painful disagreements, and some don’t.
You said you’re shocked and confused by Anna’s response… but her response is not shocking or confusing. 

She’s not prioritizing him over you. She’s prioritizing what she feels is the peace and security of her family dynamic for decades to come. It may be hurtful, or disappointing, or wrong, but her response is totally understandable.

It’s okay to take distance from the friendship, or even end it, but she’s not a monster. She’s a flawed human being who was pretty honest with your about her own fears and those fears where some of the real biggies.
You’re not over-reacting to Dale. You and your husband need to block him everywhere and stop engaging. Document. Don’t engage. 

But you are being a bit naive when it comes to Anna. She was pretty transparent about her fears, and it’s not shocking she feels unwilling or able to confront or police her father. 

You certainly don’t have to continue to be Anna’s friend in light of her choice, but don’t pretend it’s so confusing; It’s fucking terrifying for her. Confronting him could cost her a lot with her entire family, for years, if not the rest of her life. She’s scarred. She doesn’t want it take that risk. She also likely feels rather powerless to stop him, so why would she set her own life on fire trying to control something she can’t? 

We can call her wrong or cowardly. You can choose to end contact with her. But let’s not pretend her choices are irrational or insane. They might be wrong, but they aren’t that.
Stop this and seek help.
He’s done plenty of shit wrong. Technically and otherwise.

You’re keeping a friend who you’d literally need to warn other friends to keep a careful distance from. It’d be easier to make decent friends if you don’t keep shitty ones around. 

You know you have a pattern. You know you’re repeating it. Stop that.
His prespective is selfish and unkind.

You're dealing with cancer, a small child, and a farm.

His job might be difficult and stressful, but you're the one in a fucking war right now.

You're not having trouble understanding his perspective. It just sucked. It actually sucked just as badly as you know it sucked. You're not wrong. You're not confused. He really, really fucking *failed you*. The fact he was *disappointed* is understandable. The fact he was angry and pouting like a toddler who didn't get his cookie was not understandable. It was gross. It was literally insane. A sane person would have said something like 'I'm not mad, but I was hoping to have sex last night and that didn't happen. I get why it didn't, but it was disappointing and left me feeling disconnected.' That was a conversation you could have actually had, but that isn't what he said.

So get mad with him. Have the fight. Tell him you're hurt and angry and exhausted and you don't appreciate being *punished* for being human and needing to sleep. You're allowed to be mad with him when he doesn't meet the bare standard required of a sane person supporting their spouse. He didn't clear the bar. Tell him so.
You need to stop.

This isn't healthy. This isn't you needing any advice. This is something else.

Take it up with a therapist.
Embrace the advice you find beneficial, but I wouldn't advise you 'level up' a relationship with a man who sees you as a project and doesn't believe you're worthy of that yet, because he hasn't had enough time to work on your appearance. That's a bit too shallow and condescending to be anything like a healthy foundation. He's treating you like an accessory, not a partner. 

He may be a great FWB for a while, but this behaviour isn't what I'd look for, or accept, in a serious partner. If he's stuck in the role of coach or mentor with you, then his support is conditional on you *accepting his authority*, meeting his expectations for change and 'keeping up with the Jones'.

While that might be beneficial enough and lovely in a friendship -- where you can keep some boundaries and take some distance as needed -- that is not what I'd want in a partner. You are right to recognize that is probably not a good thing, long term, for your confidence to put too much stock in his judgment of you.

This sounds like a person with some great advice and knowledge. A person who can you can value and have fun with, but maybe not a person you should put any personal fragility or vulnerability into the hands of.
Dating is hard work. And it's mostly disappointing. That is what it is. 

You're not doomed. You've had slightly below average luck recently. If you let that become a story where you tell yourself are doomed, then you will be. Your chosen narrative will doom you. 

You need to improve your screening, and your resilience to disappointment and rejection. The goal should be to *get rejected*, or do the rejecting, quickly. 

A month is too long to be chatting online with someone without meeting. When it lingers like that the risk of disappointment and crossed wires increases drastically. 

If finding a healthy relationship is something you are ready for and looking for, make it your part-time job. Use all your channels and apps and let your friends know you're open to being set up. If you're talking to someone and they aren't open to planning a date after a week or so of chatting, then that means they aren't interested or aren't available, and you move on. 

You cannot control other people's shit, and they have a lot it. You can only control yours. There are no promises in life, but there is more or less unhappiness. Don't choose more unhappiness for yourself will bullshit stories like 'everyone is hung up' and ' I will never find someone'. These are lies that are going to drag you down. The truth is 'It's really rough out there' and 'I might not find what I want, but I'm excited to try, in a way that keeps me healthy and happy.'
Exactly this. 

There isn’t a “male” brain and a “female” brain. Just a lot of human brains on a big old spectrum. The brain is getting different inputs, and genetic sex and gender are just one part of that. And the more we look, the more sex seems to be a pretty small part of it. 

The neurotypical human brain is pretty adaptable organ, which also means it tries to adapt to environmental and societal expectations. The differences that have been sometimes noted (which have often been overstated by a whole ton of motivated reasoning in the past) really cannot be reliably attributed to genetic sex.
Welp, she’s incapable of treating you in a loving way. 

As long as you stay, this is how you’ll be treated. 

This continues until you end it, and learn not to mistake intense drama for love.
If there is nothing wrong with it, why do you have the “take it on the chin”? 

The phrase as it’s actually used isn’t neutral. An offer of friendship is usually a good thing and something anyone could just accept, or reject. It’s not a zone. It’s an offer of a kind of relationship. You say yes or no to it. 

The phrase friendzoned is only used by people trying to imply they have been treated unjustly or are being punished by not being offered something more than friendship. 

Let’s not try to rehabilitate the word. Adults should just not use it at all, because an offer of friendship isn’t something you take on the chin. Rejection is. You’re talking about rejection. Let’s call it what it is and expect people to learn to deal with it.
I’m saying “We agreed” is not helpful, or any sort of argument against the situation.

I’m not saying it easy. It’s the hardest thing in the world and the quicker you do it, the better off you’ll be. 

And I’m encouraging you to look at his behaviour today with a clear eye, and not with the hopes and expectations you built up over 8 years. Those past hopes will cloud your judgement and all the fear and embarrassment you feel about the wedding are exactly the weapons he’s trying to use to threaten you. He’s turned every deposit and invite to your marriage into a knife he can stick in you while he tried to renegotiate the relationship contract. Those aren’t fair terms, and that isn’t kind. That’s todays reality.
It’s nurture, not nature. 

Women are praised for “multitasking” but it usually just means “continuing to work until all necessary, life-sustaining tasks are completed”. 

Most of what is called multitasking is just tasking. If you’re used to doing many tasks, you’re used to it. If you’re far doing too many tasks, you’re probably doing some poorly. Being “used to it” often means you’re a better judge of which ones you can do poorly and still life-sustain… 

There is nothing about human brains that magically make women better at it, only that if it’s more expected of person A than B, A will tend to get better at it and B may not even be recognized when they do it well.
This problem persists until you send his packing.  

That’s the conversation now: It’s done. You’re breaking up with him because he has shown you no respect or consideration for years. 

Of course his Mommy says be nice to you. She knows damn well she’ll have to bail him out once you stop. She might not know just how bad it is, but she knows.

Figure out the practical/legal matters like the lease, and let him know when he is expected to be out by.
If you don’t want to have any more children, he seems to be prepared to leave this relationship. 

That’s the reality. Admit it out loud to one another. Accept it. Start working towards it. 

I don’t like how he’s behaved here, but you need to acknowledge that he is serious and that this partnership has reached a dealbreaker. It is something you do need to discuss, and you need to stop saying “We agreed!” because that’s not an argument. He changed his mind. He’s allowed to. That a risk we take in partnerships. Deal with todays reality. Stop trying to enforce yesterdays. It’s gone.
Then don’t date her.

This is not complicated. She is not kind. You have all the evidence of that you could possible need. 

What is wrong with you that you keep in dating her?
Trust your instincts. Its nice to hope that he’s not up to anything shady, but that conversation a year ago was a pretty massive red flag that this is not a stable and mature guy looking for genuine adult friendship. 

It’s totally okay to enjoy the past memories for what they are, and close the door on the person  today.
This man was considering cheating on his partner with you a year ago, and is again. 

Derek isn’t being kind. That was inappropriate conversation for him to have with you while in a relationship, you shot him down but he’s ready to try again.

Proceed with extreme caution. It is reasonable to be concerned his apology was self-serving. This man has not signalled he values you as a friend, but as an escapist fantasy and a possible affair partner. The odds on this going well for you are pretty slim.
It seems far more likely that she was trying to include you as her friend, and as someone outside the department and not suspicious to her supervisor, than that she knew of, remembered or understood your sensory aversion. 

Come on man. You know people who don’t have experiences like this rarely remember that others do. It’s really pretty unlikely she was trying to hurt you, if she even knew, which is already kinda unlikely.
I enjoy pegging my BF.

I’m going to tell him from now he’s forbidden from eating at his favourite burrito place, because he must always be freely available to me.

Will report back.
If you don’t want to be in a relationship with a bisexual man, don’t be.

Don’t make it more complicated than that. 

You want to break up? That’s fine. Do that. 

If you’re going to stay in this relationship, I think you need to take a hard look at what you’re so damn afraid of. While I can agree that if he was out among his friends, he ought to have shared  this — and I understand your sense of betrayal— you trying to frame this in the language of consent is misleading, and concerning way to look at your partner’s sexual orientation.

After a year, if you _never_ asked him about his past partners, his porn use or internal life, then he’s got a bit of a point. Learn to ask people about themselves.
I mean, he rather correctly judged that you wouldn’t be okay with it. 

Given your response here, one of you needs to end this. Clearly he knew you wouldn’t take this well, and now you really, really, haven’t. 

Your sense of betrayal is reasonable, a hell of a lot of the rest of what you’re saying here is not. 

Stop spinning. Just don’t be in a relationship you don’t want to be in.
Don’t keep making the same mistake. 

Wish him well in his mental health journey, and keep moving forward without him.
This seems like a lot of work to maintain secrecy — not just privacy, but some serious hardcore secrecy — in order to avoid having to set boundaries with one asshole cousin.

How are you gonna silence your fiancés family at the wedding? Are you going to expect your children to lie to their grandparents about their experiences? 

I have trouble believing a person who achieved this level of success would be this incapable of handled interpersonal conflict. 

You obviously need to tell your family — in the sense that hiding your life from them is unsustainable if you intend to maintain any contact with any of them — some truths will nee to come out just in the course of normal human conversation. 

So start having normal human conversations with the family members you value, and see how it goes. However, you must realize that your harsh judgement of their character is a large part of what some of them are going to be legitimately angry about.
I think you need to grow up, and learn to handle rejection with some grace and maturity.

This woman picked up on your interest, and has given you a clear No. She’s not an object to “do things too.” She a person who you must reasonably assume is not interested in you. Don’t be a creep. Respect it.
It wasn’t weird to begin with. At this point, it’s absurd. Inviting her over for some brand name handmedowns was just _absurd._ Of course OP got what she always got. 

But it’s not at all weird that the daughter is asking for more of what she always gets. Why wouldn’t she?

This is clearly the price of admission to being Jim’s wife. OP can accept that, and minimize her own contact with Haley, or she can leave this marriage. Because the third option, of either Haley or Jim changing their behaviour, is exceedingly unlikely and totally out of her control.
“Hey if you’d just _choose_ to be my sex toy, that’s totally the same as having agency!”
You’re shit bag for every second you continue doing what is comfortable and easy for you, instead of what is honest and respectful of her. 

You can’t undo your past shitbaggery, but you could stop being a shit bag at any second in the future you choose.
She’s not required to like you. 

It is weird you keep trying to force a relationship with her, when it is clear she is not interested in your friendship. 

You also can’t force your husband to be a more skilled parent than he is. He bought an apology from a 21 year old. That’s who ya married. He’s not a great father, not as your describe it here! He’s a weak willed idiot who appear to have failed to build a real interpersonal relationship with her beyond his role as piggy bank, and doesn’t have healthy boundaries with her. 

You need to politely decline to speak to Haley. Take yourself out when she visits. Expect your adult husband to manage his own relationship and give him the time and space to do with minimal impact on you. If she is she not willing or able to be civil, and Jim won’t enforce boundaries or consequences for poor behaviour, then don’t expose yourself to her. 

Whether or she is a good person is sort of beside the point. You two don’t have to be buddies. Stop trying. If she wants to cut off contact, or if her father wants to pay her off, that’s between them. Opt out. Let Jim handle his own shit, and this is very much his shit.
40 min walk. Little less than 20 min bike. Transit options are sorta indirect and poor, so 20-30 mins when I do use them. 

70 mins is my personal cut off time for commute. I know can tolerate a reliable 70 mins, but an hour and half by TTC probably means two hours on most days, if you work a standard day. That would drive me insane.
Ugh. Yeah. My eyes just about rolled out my head when I read that. 

Ya almost feel badly for them when they fall under the spell of some influencer with a get rich quick scheme to sell to depressed men — almost. 

But it doesn’t matter here. What matters is to stop knowingly doing harm to this woman because it easier than dealing with your own shit alone.
I can’t believe these guys are whining about _Fable_? None of them were gonna play Fable except to whine about bad and unplayable it is.

Besides, she’ll have have demons horns and glowing red eyes by half way though. Because it’s fucking Fable.
It’s been two month hun. This is who he is. This is his character. You just hadn’t seen it yet. This is the person he is. And you didn’t like it. You shouldn’t. It was gross. 

He failed the friend part of FWB and made it clear he is unsafe to continue with. That is why you kicked him out — because he was unsafe to be with. The pounding on your door with a mix of insults and begging should be a dealbreaker even if nothing else was. That should be unacceptable in any relationship. End it. Block him. Move on. 

The person you thought you knew has been lost, because they weren’t real. Two months in and the mask fell. This is the real person. You saw what this man looks like when he’s not getting his way and it wasn’t just ugly, it was bordering on dangerous. Don’t be an idiot. Get rid of him.
It’s not that complicated at all.

You need to speak to a family lawyer, so you know what your obligations are, if any, to him as a co-parent. You need to pursuing a custody agreement, so you know what you actually have to speak to him about. That’s how you protect  your rights, and your child’s. 

Besides those obligations, everything else is harassment. 

You tell him to stop contacting you about anything except necessary contact regarding your child, and that if he doesn’t do that, the police can explain to him that he needs to stop harassing you. 

You stop saying please and you start saying I am I documenting this to share with law enforcement. Then you do just that, ignore every call, and document the behaviour for law enforcement and the courts.
It’s baffling to me that you can read what he says about the woman he claims to love, but take exception to me accurately labelling the behaviour OP exhibits right here and already knows is pretty shitty himself.

OP is being unkind and delusional. He doesn’t need to be kindly pet. He needs to be honest with himself and her about his opinions— the opinions he just plainly told us and claims to have held for a long while — and act accordingly.
Being at work together is absolutely not enough.  That’s not an unfair thing to say. It’s a very true and important thing to acknowledge. You’re not 13 year olds. You cannot just “hang out” at lunch and expect a healthy relationship to develop. 

A serious adult relationship does require time and effort and planning — and yes, some money on transit. Without any of that, your relationship will die out. That’s not mean of her to say. That’s just her telling you water is wet. 

I’ve never owned a car. When I’m dating, I know it’s a expense. Ubers, meals, tickets. It’s part of my budget. I don’t make a hell of a lot and when you date someone seriously and exclusively you should _talk_ about budgets and expenses and frequency of meeting/date night. 

It’s unclear here if you’re the one who is interpreting this to mean “Have a car” but if you don’t have a car, you still have to put thought and effort and some money into how you spend time together. Outside of work.
It’s been gentrifying for the last two decades. Like any downtown areas you need to practice some situational awareness, and you’ll the one or two corners or parks to avoid, but it’s really no more “unsafe” now that comparably dense downtown areas.
You don’t respect her at all, you don’t think she’s loyal, and your approach to dating and chatting with women generally sounds like that of a teenager, not a grown ass man of almost 30.

Drop this connection. Behave like an adult who has some standards and self respect and date adults who you also respect.
She’s never going to _thank you_ for this selfish, self-absorbed, waffling bullshit. 

If you don’t want a lifetime, monogamous relationship with her, it’s high time to GTFO. 

You have bad case of main character syndrome here but you’re not the hero. You’re just a indecisive jerk chasing a dragon he is unlikely to ever catch. You sound like dissatisfaction may be your drug of choice… 

And that’s fine! Lots of people live full and fascinating lives exactly that way! It’s totally wonderful way to live and some of dearest friends live that way — just stop being dishonest with her about it. She’s a person, not a discardable side character in your personal adventure (who will text you in a few years to validate you. Dear god man.)
6.31 per cent of the vote. That’s what got her third place last time. Impressive, hell yes. But a win this time? Yeah, that’s a hell of a stretch.
You’re living in lala land if you’re bringing this to events and just hope it works out. 

You know most venues won’t allow this and you’re not doing due diligence and checking in advance. 

If you’re going to events with him you need to make a real effort to be informed, and considerate. 

If you only want to buy tickets to venues that don’t check, or don’t prohibit it, then you need to do that. That’s fine — I 100% get that and think it’s a totally valid personal choice — but your current approach of just buying tickets, making the plan and then rolling dem dice is deeply rude to anyone out with you.

If you were my female friend and did this more then once I’d be royally pissed off with you and would stop going to shows with you.

He may also be an asshat who said some mean things, but he’s not wrong about leaving this at home when you’re going to venues you can reasonably assume prohibit it.
The entire PUA marketing department would disagree. They are literally selling men on the concept of “fat ugly studs”.
A post mortem distress birth is a bad, non-medical term referring to the delivery of a baby who has already passed away, either in utero or during labor.

Which should be painfully obvious to anyone who actually reads this with two brain cells firing. The order of the words mean the birth is taking place after the death… if it was what he said it was it would be something like post-natal stress-induced filicide, a vaguely medical sounding phrase I also just made the fuck up. 

It’s also the dangerous and traumatic thing that “pro-lifers” are trying to force on pregnant people and their families who overwhelmingly want to bring home a living infant.
I know four women in my extended circle who hit 30 and were disappointed they didn’t have kids.

They did not make YouTube channels. They changed jobs, moved to lower cost of living areas, two choose sperm donors, and two adopted. 

When women want to be parents, they seem more likely to do the work. Even alone. I think a lot of the men whinging online, don’t really want to “be a parent”. They want a child like a trophy, like a steam achievement, like a box they checked. Men say “baby crazy” but the women I know were all pretty baby sane. The men I know who have turned 40 and gone legacy crazy are the toxic ones you gotta watch out for.
They don’t even seem to notice that the age which women are guaranteed to be miserable keeps getting later and later. When I first started reading this bullshit it was 28, then 30, then 35, and now definitely sometime in our 40s.

These guys look around every few years and begrudgingly admit that the women don’t seem miserable _yet._ “But, it’s coming…” they tell themselves. “We were promised they would become so much more unhappy then I have been all these years…”
“Figure it out for yourselves” is where the benefit of the doubt would die for me, and I’d be polishing off my CV.

They may not be bad people, but they are consciously doing a bad thing to the staff by rewarding this type of competition. Your VP and immediate director have already shown you how they are empowered too, and willing too, act. 

You don’t have the power to stop this. You can advise the other woman against playing the game, but you may be asking for a Herculean feat from them. You can keep pointing out to any leadership who will listen that this is counterproductive and that this sort of competition (or resource allocation via canabalism) doesn’t improve outcomes, it wastes time and resources and could loose them talent.
You shouldn’t do anything unless she asks you too.

That doesn’t mean you should do _anything_ she asks, but this is temporary. If she just needs to vent in your direction, but keep her head down and keep the peace at work… that’s not an unreasonable choice for her. 

Stop trying to run interference and manage all these people. They are both conflict avoidant. Your girlfriend needs your sympathy and your support, but don’t charge in with sword drawn. She may need to feel a lot of distress before she is willing to express her own boundaries with him. Support her when she does, but don’t try to hard to minimize her unhappiness — it’s trying to teach her something. 

Ask your girlfriend if she needs anything more than a safe space to vent. Ask her if she is confident her choice to keep the peace and placate him is the best one. Just agreeing, out loud that yes, she’s thought about it and that is her decision, may really help her to recognize she _is_ making a choice here. It’s not just a shitty thing happening to her. She’s considered the pros and cons and decided how to handle it. 

(Personally, I would recommend she adopt a strict “I don’t drive” rule with him and enforce it mercilessly, but that’s just me.)

If you need too, tell her you also might at times need a safe space from the venting, and ask to figure out a signal you can give if you just don’t have the emotional bandwidth to listen to her in that exact moment. 

Make sure the two of you are enjoying time outside of the house. Go a damn farmers market or a museum. Do an activity. It’ll give you something else to talk about and share in beside your work and your roommate.
Has low iron levels?
Your expectations do seem to be _very high_, given you are both employed adults and live separately. You sound like you need to build a fuller life for yourself to be honest… Take a class, join a book club, make a friend. If you’re sitting on your butt alone the 3-4 night a week he isn’t sleeping over and you don’t like that, then ya need to change it. 


But that doesn’t mean this relationship is a good one for you, or something you should stick out. You have very high expectations for together time and this guy doesn’t even have a place you can visit, let alone stay and you seem honestly confused about his living situation… that _is_ bizarre for seven months in.
Stick with the therapist and ditch the girlfriend.

You know you are repeating your past patterns. 

You know you shouldn’t buy your GF of less than four months a damn car. 

You know she’s moving quickly to financially tie you to her because she has lifestyle goals and financial goals she cannot meet wifi if you. 

You know she’s with your primarily for the financial stability, because she’s told you as much. She might also care for you on some level, but if you lost your job tomorrow, or got seriously ill, she’d be gone. You know this. 

What you lack right now is the courage to act on what you know to be true.
Oh I’m so glad you clarified you didn’t mean it _in a gay way_. /s Ffs
It seems he is currently, or at least is setting himself up, to be practicing polygamy. Again, I think a reasonable person would say that’s what he seems to be up to. 

If you think he is not violent and is serious about holding you to this marriage unless you are “not religious”, regular trips to the bar might be your best solution.
Your boyfriend is manipulative.

Tell him you don’t issue gold medals for “Not being abusive” and that your need for more consistent contact is valid.

You’re not victim. And neither is he. You have a clear, reasonable request, and he’s just insulting you, instead of working with you to maintain contact and connection in some way — even if that way isn’t FT.

Seriously though, the first time a man told me I was just “playing the victim” to try and shut me up, would conveniently for him be last time ever spoke to him. This guy has told you he doesn’t take you seriously, and that he feels entitled to punish you by withholding contact. That’s how shitty parents treat screaming toddlers. These should be dealbreakers.
Yeah most Westen people, not knowing your legal/religious context would conclude he is in fact abusive. I'm not trying to tell you how you have to label your own marriage, but let's not keep such an open mind that our brain falls right out. There is more meant by the word abusive than just someone who hits you. Someone who leaves you in danger because they don't fulfil legal or financial obligations to you may also be engaging in abusive behaviour.

He is either your soon-to-be ex-husband, or he is a bigamist, or he's cheating on you, or you are in a plural marriage, or he s abusive. One of those things is true, and if you don't want to be in a plural marriage, then it's also the last one.

If there is nothing you can do to initiate a divorce, you should be telling him that he absolutely owes you one.
You told them your husband is abusive and that you are in a dangerous position. That is what most reasonable people listening to these facts would conclude. 

That's likely gonna be awkward because you've shared a bunch of information that suggests you are unsafe. Legally, financially, and maybe even physically. Bit more than awkward really. 

Realistically, you need to realize it's extremely likely your husband will hear about you going to a bar. It's good tea. Someone's gonna spill. You need to have a safety plan in place both when that happens, and just generally speaking.

You can choose to keep your life story to yourself in the future, but you cannot make it 'not awkward' that you told them you are *at risk* and that your husband is a real piece of shit. That cat is out of the bag.

Stay safe.
The median number of sex partners for women aged 25-49 in the US is 4.3. 

And that's the median. So it doesn't include those who have never had sex.

Let's assume that most women a "redpill"d idiot is speaking to are below 25 years old: 78% of those will have fewer than 10-lifetime partners.
>the standart method of killing women to prevent nercophilia

This is a truly under appreciated historical fact.

There is nothing biblical about 'burning witches'. The clearest instruction is to stone them and burn their books. Most American woman accused of witchcraft were hung. The fact that burning is associated with witches/straying wives/sex workers/female execution is pretty well documented in a few parts of the world as local authorities trying to prevent men from abusing female corpses.

That's right! You can be murdered for serving satan and the local boys will *still* have strong opinions about your body's fuckability.
See also: Tom Brady and Gisele Bundchen
Being unclear, is the surest way to be unkind. 

People get hurt while dating. You can’t protect everyone but the best thing you can do to minimize it is have your own struggles well handled.
Absolutely, but as women we are targeted by wellness gurus and MLMs like doterra or arbonne. Whenever my female friends have down on their luck the mlm huns seem to start circling... I think in many ways, it's the same basic behaviour: We're being sold community and self-esteem. For women, it's more connected to personal achievement and independence, whereas for men it's more commonly connected to accessing sex and relationships with women. 

Add that to the fact that women were generally a bit better equipped to deal with the whole 'Life just isn't fair and you won't get the job just because your dad did' reality of the new millennium than men were with their lingering generational entitlement to a certain kind of life...
It's up to you. And up to what boundaries you figure out with her during that time. If you've seen someone a few times and you're still going to date other people as well, it's best to say so clearly.

Dating is even harder work when you don't know what the fuck you are willing to offer, or what you need to ask for. 

Figuring your own shit out, and then expressing it to another person you like is hard work.

All of your responses here boil down to you haven't figured your own shit out about boundaries and your needs about sex and what 'a relationship' can look like at various stages, and you're whinging that *it's hard* to figure out your own shit and then say it out loud. It is! It just is. You want to be happy? Do it anyways. Figure your shit out. Say it out loud. And then see if it works for the individual person or people that you like to date.
They are comfortable, rather practical shoes, which are somehow 'damaging her'. 

Like, does he think kitten heels and wedges are "healthier" for us?
It’s not crazy, but it can be confusing and you need to be more clear about what you mean. 

The answer to that kind of argument is that you are in a kind of relationship; It includes sexual exclusivity, but maybe it doesn’t include things like meeting parents yet. Or making plans more than a month in advance. 

Don’t say “ITS NOT A RELATIONSHIP.” because  dude, it is — if you are sexually exclusive, you’re in some kind of relationship— just be clear about what sort of relationship it is at that  stage.
If you don’t want to have sex without being exclusive just say so. That is not an uncommon boundary at all! You just want to avoid being on a 3rd date with someone who doesn’t share it, so you have to speak up.
Dating is stressful. Most human beings feel this way at least some of the time.

Your real problem here is your own lack of clarity. 

You don’t have be actively dating to find a wife but if you want to be married in your 30, you likely should be dating only people who make sense for that long-term goal. 

My advice: Date who is fun to date for 3-4 months, then decide if they have any long-term potential. Before that time period, think of it as just who you want to spend time with next week.
Your girlfriend is trying to tell you she doesn’t want to date you. 

She’s not doing it well or clearly, but odds are very good she’s trying to break up with you. 

If she’s not giving you concrete things you can do to make her feel appreciated as an individual and secure in the relationship, it’s very likely that she can’t tell you what those things are. 

It’s been three months. This is the “you’re cool but it’s not working” time frame. It doesn’t mean there is anything wrong or unhealthy about you. Sometimes there is nothing broken to fix. This just means you’re both 19 and compatibility is weird and difficult thing.
If you’re absolutely no fun in bed and will only fuck in one position while she fakes porn noises for you, you could just say that.
Nah. He's complaining that other people are permitting her to feel good about her body, which is not of sexual interest to him personally, and therefore can't be the source of any happiness or pride.
Men don't have support groups like that.

Which is somehow the fault of this one woman -- getting supporting from what I'm going to assume is predominantly other women, because random men usually don't show up in quite the same numbers when it's not sexy for them -- who has a totally gender-neutral and life-saving medical treatment, and had the *audacity* to put something shiny on her medical device. Got it.
“Male Answer Syndrome” (“M.A.S.”) describes a subject's exaggerated willingness to answer (or inability to resist the impulse to answer) factual questions regardless of the subject's lack of knowledge of the relevant phenomena or circumstances.
It always makes me think of the great SNL skit Man Park. 

I do feel for the guys that they aren't raised in a way that encourages the building of these interpersonal skills and connections, but I'm deep into my 30s now and I'm done picking up the slack. If I'm your *only* friend, there is a problem here, and it's not mine to fix.
>The truth is, only very naive or damaged women with low self-worth allow themselves to be manipulated with game & treated poorly ***for very long.***

Let's amend this to *for very long*, because I think we risking supporting the manosphere's victim-blaming narratives about toxic relationships when we don't acknowledge that a skilled scam artist is gonna scam even a smart, secure person for at least a little while. 

Even an otherwise confident and mature people can find themselves temporarily vulnerable to a purposeful predator who his the right notes. We shouldn't be shaming people for being normal, healthy, people who don't assume someone else is a narcissistic ass right outta the gate. The goal has got to be "Don't get conned for long." because "Never get conned" isn't a fair standard.
Honestly, I think it's men without healthy friendships. With other men even. 

I live in a dense urban core, and years ago (before the mall banned them) I used to run into these men and their 'coaches' on the regular. They were unpleasant or even a bit frightening to interact with as a young woman, but they were fascinating to listen to if they were sitting down post-gaming afterwards in a bar or coffee shop just talking to each other. The coaches were basically *paid friends*. It was like 20% terrible misogyny and horrible advice, and 80% just being *a buddy*. Validating emotions and struggles, and being a bit of a hype man like a good friend would. Strip away the pseudoscience and sexism and the fact they were being paid, and really wasn't that different than a pair of girls hyping someone after a break-up or a shitty date.

Made me wonder if these guys just really, really lacked the relationships and connections that made normal life disappointments (like rejections, breakups, whatever) actually bearable.
Damaged girls don't respond to Game. *Okay. People who have experienced a number of other men like you, using the tactics you use to access sex and service, are less likely to respond positively to you. That makes enough sense.*

Damaged girls are great for FWB. *But how do you know? They don't respond to Game. You just told us that a feature of your system is that the damaged girls won't respond to it.*

Girls Love Assholes. Being an asshole works on all women. *Except for damaged girls who have experienced assholes in the past. You told us that upfront.*

The only logical conclusion here is that the "damaged girls" are in fact smarter than you. That is actually the only defining characteristic you've provided for them being damaged: That they don't respond in the desired way to your manipulation and cruely.
This should be a breakup. She doesn't want to be in relationship with you. 

She's tried to tell you that in a few ways, and you've argued with her and refused to take the message. It seems you're not going to accept that is what is happening until she is backed into a corner and snaps, and like screams blood murder at you or something. 

What you do now, is confirm that breakup, and then respect that breakup. 

You stop making it so difficult for her to dump you! Because that is turning you into a rather stubborn and condescending asshat.

Stop demanding 'good enough reasons'. Don't make her argue with you. Don't confront. Don't keep pushing her until she behaves badly enough or crazy enough for you to feel like you dumped her. If you're unclear with what happened, confirm with her whether or not you have broken up. Express your sadness, and then wish her well.

If you make it this hard for someone to leave a relationship with you, you'll end up stuck in unfulfilling and toxic relationships. When someone wants to break up, they don't need your agreement. Just your respect.
That is probably the next best step. Just remember that real fairness and equity accepts that people have different circumstances and needs. It doesn't mean everyone's needs are weighed exactly equally.

Fairness is a thing you two come to agree on together, but I think you need to start by being really brutally honest with yourself and him about the weight of your current circumstances and needs. You're not going to get to an equitable outcome, if you're not totally transparent about how serious of a need this is for you.
It sounds like you need to tell him plainly that moving is quickly becoming a requirement for your long-term health and happiness. It's not a *need* like, "I think *need* a new pair of boots this winter" it's a *need* like "I *need* to breathe." 

Stop invalidating yourself by pretending the situation is any less than what it is: You fear cannot survive as a healthy person, or as a healthy partner and mother in this house. That fact is going to assert itself in your life and in your relationship. 

None of that means his reasons aren't valid or sensible, or that his feelings don't matter. It's that on balance, your feelings are going to sink this damn boat if they don't get addressed. They just are. You've done the therapy. You've done the work. If you could address this in another way, you would. You can't. This is the reality for you. 

You may want to involve a couples counsellor in this conversation to help you both feel heard, and to trust that other has felt heard and understood as well. Recognize that even if you two agree to move, it's a long-term project.
The relationship is over. Neither of you was happy in it.

Your boundaries are fine. It doesn't even have to be abuse, for you to decide it's not acceptable for you from a partner. You know this. You're 36. You know you're allowed to choose what kind of relationship you'll consent to be in. You know grief explains *challenges*. It doesn't change what is acceptable to you. 

What is concerning here is that you're still replaying and revisiting these events. If you're just a few weeks, or a month or two out of the breakup, that might be within normal to still be examining these experiences -- but you need to stop. You need to break that habit of rumination, and not keep all your attention focused on your distress, or a game of WhatIfs. With a therapist, if you can't manage to stop this festering yourself.

Obsessive reminiscence is not part of growing from an experience, it's just toxic, and I think you're in real danger of crossing that line here from integrating to obsessing.
It's really hard to work on your self-esteem when you have a partner who is constantly insulting you and putting you down.

After my break up I found my self-esteem was actually pretty good. Once I wasn't coming home every day to someone who insulted me, I was just fine. 

Go ahead and blame him. He's the problem. He may not be the only problem, but he is the problem right now. Partners aren't supposed to treat you like this.
Yeah. Pearl has been around for a while peddling the standard unhinged anti-feminist nonsense like women shouldn’t vote and child support is financial rape, plus transphobia and body-shaming. All standard uninspiring shit that was really only notable as she slowly ages out of her own declared value as a breed-able human and still remains unmarried — but her followers and clout increases significantly when she started supporting Tate.

I’ve said a lot of words about her now, but really unlike Tate she’s not got that big of an influence and isn’t actually relevant. I don’t think she’s worth platforming even to criticize. We ought to ignore her like we ignore the woman from High School who just started selling a new MLM. It’s the same behaviour basically.
You’re supposed to stop dating an emotionally abusive lunatic. And block him everywhere, so you are no longer exposed to his cruelty or his stupidity. 

I’m sorry, really I am, but you’re 16 and you don’t deserve this shit. The longer you keep this person in your life the longer it will take to heal. Give yourself the gift of leaning to survive a break up. You’ll be fine soon. Better than fine.
Well, at least by know he knows a bit further!
Yeah. It's not about his need. Just challenge that head-on: It's about what he deserves, and being able to offer others in his own life what they actually need. He deserves support and a place for thoughtful reflection about difficult choices and boundaries. Just bottling it up means he's not giving himself the care and compassion he is worthy of and not prepared to take steps in a conscious way, and that he may someday burst under that pressure, and not be able to offer someone else (like you, or his own child) what they actually do *need* from him.
If my relationship needed that sort of protection I would choose not to be in it.
Yes. And for Jason, I think this really is a sign he needs some personal support through this. It's great that you support him, but you're biased (and you should be) and you're not a pro. I'd really hope he'd consider therapy for himself, especially as he transitions to fatherhood himself.
You and Jason are in agreement about your own child and Theresa. So, between the two of you, this is settled.

So really, this decision should sit with him. When it comes to what he says in court about his biological mother, that really belongs to him. If he's unsure, I'd suggest he speak to a family therapist, and get a safe, supportive place to think this through and get support for the fallout from whatever he chooses.

However, in your position, I would strongly encourage him to put Olive's needs first, and testify against Theresa having access to the child, and to stop pressuring Anne to have any relationship with Theresa. He may not be ready to cut contact, and that is his choice  for his relationship, but he should respect Anne's if she is and he should assist in the protection of Olive, who cannot choose for herself. No more suggestion of 'the three of us will discuss it'. Instead, his reply to his mother should be "This is Anne's decision for her relationship with you. I am sorry to hear her choice hurts you, but whatever she chooses she has my support and respect."
If you don't want to date him, don't date him.

If he doesn't want to be on socials, that's fine. He's not required to be. If you only want to date someone who isn't, don't date him.

You really gonna get bent out of shape cause he wasn't confrontational and mean to the people you wanted him to be? If you are, don't date him.

Can't respect someone who is that non-confrontational? Okay, don't date him. 

If you think he's lying to you (and sweetie, he is almost certainly lying to you) about deleting his socials, definitely don't date him.
You need to stop watching.

You're never going to really know what is going on in her life, or her head. You are only going to make yourself miserable by continuing to follow her little drama.

The world isn't fair. There are lots of assholes out there who get what they want outta life. If you spend your time focusing on the unanswerable questions and unfairness of it all, you will stay miserable forever.
If she had any actual intellectual consistency, she would refuse to marry a man who didn't require her to stop her attention-seeking and argumentative online behaviour. I really don't know how you square that circle to be honest. How would any man she deems masculine enough not require her to drastically change her online persona and activity?

But she's just in it for the money, and any man she marries would be sure to cash those cheques as readily as she does and they'd make up a reason for why it was okay, or they'd just claim 'privacy' on the subject and try to continue on without addressing it at all.
Little known fact when flushing pepper spray out of your eyes don't rub it or use soap. Just move to a well-ventilated area and rinse your eyes with clean water over and over again. Soap is good for your hands, but for your eyes apply a cloth soaked in milk (with as much fat content as possible) to dull the pain.
I don't think any sort of labour-exchange or power-exchange dynamic in your relationship is the issue here.

The problem here is suggesting that women, in particular, are only happy and loved *as a women* via their submission. I imagine OP is inexperienced, and expressing herself poorly, but still. 

The traditional kind of *submission* isn't something a woman can revoke and still buy food tomorrow. I don't think it's the same kind of submission if you leave the house for a job, and the money is your own. I like a partner who is decisive and takes on their share of the mental load as well, but I'm not submissive to them. I appreciate their work and in some contexts that includes their leadership or thier 'dominance' over a certain subject, or task, or decision. That doesn't make them inherently dominant over me, and I could revoke my agreement to that leadership at any time, on any subject, without being unable to provide for myself.
I know she'll keep getting posted here, but we'd all be better off ignoring Pearl. 

She's a troll. I doubt she believes half of what she says. She found a niche as the token female who will validate these men and parrot their messages, and her support for Tate has gotten her more views and followers than anything else she's done. 

She has a very real ceiling in the manosphere in terms of income potential, and she'll leave it as soon as she can't make a living there.
Because it's still a valid strategy in many communities to access power, wealth and security *through a man*. And to believe you can access *more* power, wealth and security through that man, than you can alone as a woman. And if that is the strategy you want to use, you traditionally pay for that with submission and service, and you become very, very defensive of men's general power in society because your survival strategy depends on them maintaining their special role and privileges over unmarried women, and to an extent, unmarried men. 

It's totally reasonable. It's just a strategy most women have rejected as far too risky. It's got major dangers baked in. It's a transaction that can fall apart very easily because submission and service don't actually buy you anything except someone else's dominance and usually more work to do. It doesn't guarantee you will be provided for all your life. That's a *hope*. Not a reality. 

We teach our daughters independence because when one of them, often through no fault of their own, places their bet on the wrong man as a partner (as a "provider"), we want the damage to be minimized to her and any dependant children who will most likely be her default responsibility. 

The kernel of truth in here is that lots of people, men and women, can have difficulty accepting affection, being vulnerable and feeling worthy of love.
You should date someone else.

You can talk about this. You can ask her what he boundaries are when it comes to dancing, or dancing with men at the club, but she's likely going to tell you this is a choice she is comfortable with for herself and an activity she enjoys, and that she is comfortable with her boundaries with other men in the club. She is likely to feel your discomfort with her dancing -- especially her simply being looked at while dancing -- is an accusation of wrong-doing. And she is not likely to agree she is doing anything wrong.

You can ask for more information from her about her opinions and activities, but if it's a dealbreaker for you, then *it's on you to break the deal*.

If you can't get over this, and this is something she enjoys and believes is acceptable in a relationship, then this is probably just not someone you're compatible with.

It's possible she would be willing to stop going to clubs to address your discomfort with *men looking at her*, but it's unlikely. And as long as she goes, you're going to reasonably believe she is being looked at by other men while she dances. And men are still gonna look at her. That is something you need to learn to handle. 

Don't set yourself up to be an insecure asshole. If you can't hack it, opt out now.
The first thing you do is locate *your* important documents, and give them to a reliable friend or family member to hold for you. Your safety first. Your safety includes access to all important personal or financial documents. You should encourage your mother to do same, with copies at the very least, if she doesn't feel safe moving the originals. 

You may want to consider a lockable file cabinet for your own room, if you intend to stay in this home with him. Which ideally, you shouldn't. You should be looking for somewhere else safe to stay and telling your mother in no uncertain terms, you do not feel safe in her home so long as he is in it. 

I'm sorry you're going through this, and I understand you want to help and support your mom, but likely the best thing you can do is *get yourself safe*. So that *you* aren't an additional weapon of control he can use against her. 

One of the hardest parts of being an adult is putting your own oxygen mask on first.
You're overthinking.

She's told you she's busy. You're not teenagers. Adult people can get busy for a week.

On the weekend, suggest a date. With a time and a place.

If she doesn't say Yes, or suggest an alternative time and place, then you move on form this connection because she either isn't that into you, or she just doesn't have the time to act on it. And you stop waiting for her.
I only have 1!

But I'm past "The Wall" so I'm probably safe.
So here’s the thing: I believe him, but he’s wrong about what is happening and why. 

Men who actually show up for their wives while she’s in hospital are treated like _princes_. Most men don’t drop by for a few minutes every few days, whereas wives often visit everyday for extended periods. 

So sure, the nurses were probably cheering and smiling at him, because they mistakenly thought he wasn’t an a self absorbed asshole.
We know exactly what this type of guy would call her if she had let two men into her apartment in exchange for some $2 fast food cone.

She saw there was no gray zone for her that night between "unwelcoming" and "asking for it". So she went with unwelcoming. Like any sane person would. 

And his buddy knows he lost a cool friend, because he tried to coerce her into a situation she judged to be an unsafe one, with his creepy buddy.
Notice how women disproportionately also need to do the difficult emotional and practical labour of *ending* a relationship that is not working and is not fixable.
"I think" = "I heard an angry man say so online and it felt better than imagining women may also be people and that dating is really hard work, and will be disappointing most of the time."
I've met toddlers who know better when to stop saying their lies *out loud* and just keep quiet.
People's beliefs and ideologies, especially younger people's, are heavily influenced by those closest to them? You don't say. Shocked. I am shocked. /s

Seriously, all you guys are telling me is that a.) you frame it as an entirely different thing when your guy friends adapt to their GFs, b.) you probably aren't dating any women over 25, and c.) you cannot maintain a relationship for more than a few months with someone who has differing beliefs than you.

This isn't a reflection on all women. It's a reflection on your selection -- and the one guy *almost* manages that logical conclusion but still slips outta his fingers.
"Please block me." always makes me laugh.

It's a surefire way to make sure I just ignore/mute you, and never ever block you. 'Cause I'm an adult, and it's really not that hard to not message someone you don't want to! Let me show you how it's done kiddo -- while I also maintain a record of your bad behaviour, should I ever need an authority to respond to your escalations. 

Like "You need to take steps to take care of *my needs* \-- while I'm actively being total shit to you -- because I cannot possibly be expected to exercise any self-control or emotional regulation."
Even without 'all the evidence' (as if it will ever be enough for the cultists) it's not a difficult indictment to read: They have seven alleged victims. They have records of the misleading promises of marriage and what they claimed the woman's lives would look like. They have the location in Ilfov, and evidence of surveillance and financial coercion. They probably have more wiretaps then the public have heard of yet. They have the porn itself and they can probably get the financial records from selling that porn. These activities left a trail.

This is not a thin indictment.
Do we need to wonder really?

All the defences will boil down to 'The woman wanted it. They agreed to it. They just regret it now and playing the victim card.'

If you're still a Tate fanboy at this point, you've already made peace with the wiretaps about his trafficking and coercion and admitted criminal behavior. That's baked in. You have to already not care that he said he I don't think many of them are gonna draw the line at an actual rape charge all of a sudden. 

Tate has told them to blame the woman. They are going to blame the women.
Don't take it personally.

Could be a thousand reasons, and many of them not really about you.

The only advice I'd give is that unless you are *opposed* to a conversation with someone's other partners, I might keep the questions about what that looks like until you've established more rapport and personal connection -- and are talking about the how/when of meeting the person. In your position, I would have asked "At what point do those conversations take place?" so I had a sense of the boundaries and timeline, and then probably shifted back into the 'getting to know each other' chatting.

Beyond that, don't waste your feels on this interaction. It's still just online dating. It's a mess.
I continue to find it strange the only lesson they can learn from that stat is “woman bad” and not that a bad marriage is still generally a better deal for a man. The person who is more uncomfortable, is the person doing the practical  work end it. 

The majority of woman who leave choose financial insecurity or outright poverty over the partnership — the stats show you that clearly — but these sorts of men scream gold digger even when women only pursue the rights of the children.
1972. According to this bs. It was 1972.
Always fun.

“The study” linked is two Wharton economists editorializing in 2008, based on data from 1972-2005. Inside the article, they also link to another article on their own site from two years earlier that cites the exact same paper.

It’s almost like they just trot this out every two years for clicks.

> Perhaps if we returned to a more natural, traditional way of thinking about women's roles in society, we would see the happiness meter spike back up.

Perhaps in two years we’ll trot out this exact same “survey” to continue to whine that women would be happier if they fucked us and cleaned the bathroom more.
As a recent grad, certainly. There are plenty of women at the same life stage or very recent, similar experiences. 

Dating is always hard. It’s always disappointing. There will almost always be 100 misses for 1 hit. That’s most of us. That’s normal. You’ll always have some things working against you. You can only maximize the things you can control and make work for you — be pleasant, find enjoyment in life, be well groomed, etc.
This is the truth.

“They can’t survive with out me” so frequently means “I will not allow for any improvement in their circumstances because the status quo is empowering for me.”
My limited experience was the same as yours.

I’ve met more cool new female friends at these events than men I’d want to speak to a second time. Hell, the last one I was at there was one man who admitted at the end of the talk that he was married and had only does this to practice his English. 

I met more decent single men at battle axe league and pottery class, and had more fun doing it. I was off these mixers/speed dating events.
“Because I don’t get orgasms from you, you don’t get basic human empathy or respect from me!”
Oh, I wouldn’t do that. Don’t give advice to your parents, and especially not when asked. Decline to be parentified. Do not take on any emotional or intellectual labour for them. 

Empathize. Tell your parents “Yeah, that sure sucks.” Or “That’s sounds really stressful/unkind/untrue.” Tell your parents you don’t know, you’re 26 and not his parent, and you trust them and will support them in whatever they choose. If they need advice, suggest they look for a family therapist. 

From one big sister to another: Don’t ever let them make your little brother into your problem. He’s their problem. Do not let them forget it.
As much as you may not like your brother, this is actually a result of your parents choices. The problem is almost entirely them.

It’s your parents relationship with him. You cannot control it, or fix it. They aren’t incompetent. They could create boundaries or consequences if they wanted too.

The best thing you can actually do is not be a distraction or support for your parents. Minimize your own engagement with your brother. Don’t pick fights or take sides. Shrug and tell your parents if they don’t like it, change it. Let them suffer with the results of their own choices. That is the only thing that might, someday, motivate them to change those choices.
You want a family that includes children, and she doesn't.

Stop trying to fix her or cure her or save her, and just admit this relationship doesn't meet your needs.

It's very sad, but it's not very complicated.
>I love him on a deeper level than who he is now and who he has been and can be.

Then you love a fantasy you've concocted for yourself about him -- not the person -- and you're going to do yourself harm trying to enforce that fantasy onto a real person.

It's normal after just a few weeks to be grieving, and to still be holding on to all sorts of fantasies and illusions, but it's time to start doing the work of letting go. Because letting go isn't something that just magically happens. It actually takes a bit of thoughtful effort and self-care to do. If you don't do the work, you stagnant and get bitter.

Don't keep such an open mind that brain falls right out. This man was never really offering you a secure and healthy connection. Don't hold on so tightly to a dream that you lose sight of your own reality. The reality is the romantic relationship is over and should be.
This is not transparency and you know it.

This is abuse. 

This was immediately, invasive and controlling abusive. This is not just projection and not just 'intense'. This is just straight-up abuse. You have already correctly understood that nothing will satisfy him. He doesn't just want full access. He wants free rein to abuse you. Calling your contacts? Abuse. Complaining about the bathroom door? Abuse. 

You're not wrong. You're not concerned enough. You cannot let this man continue to access you or your children.

Change all your password. Lock him out of everything you can. And then break up with him.
>No history of cheating, but history of forgetting to let my dog out or leaving him home too long when he has been drinking (caught him doing this once thanks to cameras.)

So, he's right.

You want to be able to *see him*.

You want the cameras in your shared home to check up on a 55-year-old man's inability to care for your pet as agreed to. The cameras are, to some extent, so you can check up on him. And he doesn't like that, because he already has shown he won't meet expectations when it comes to the dog.

Come on. You're 35. What are you doing with a 55-year-old man who cannot be trusted to let a dog out without the risk of being caught or facing consequences? 

Either date someone who isn't a shithead, or drop the cameras and just hire a dog walker.
No. You either move forward from the infidelity, or you don't. 

A 'hall pass' will never be the equivalent and will only introduce more shame, anger and resentment for one or both of you. 

If you want to discuss opening up your relationship generally, that's a whole different thing, but a hall pass after infidelity is nothing but a toxic shitstorm. 

If you're not going to leave, then you're not leaving a monogamous relationship. Which means you're also not fucking anyone else.
She gets to have her reasons and any reason is good enough to leave a relationship she doesn't want to be in. A relationship isn't a hostage situation.

It doesn't mean you did anything wrong, or that you need to change.

If that is what she believed about you, then it's best you two not be dating.
"No sir. I feel quite uninclined to be kidnapped by an utter stranger today, and likely have my entire financial and social future ruined in the process. In fact, even this conversation could materially damage the only currency I have to ensure my basic survival so I must say good morrow to you."
If your GF is responsible for the childcare of your children, at any time, you need to clearly communicate those times to her and gain her agreement to that labour.

You cannot make her responsible for your basic health. That is still your job. And you cannot just sit and resent her for living her life *as if she is not a parent*. She's not. Not unless that is your agreement togeather, and she's offering child care support.

If she's living with you and the children and not offering any consistent supervisory support then you need to ask yourself if this partnership actually works for your life and your children, but she's still not required to be your co-parent. Her responsibilities, if she has any, for supervising the children without you needed to be hammered out before you moved in together, or they can be discussed now, but you cannot force your GF to be Mommy, or to be a free baby sister, unless she wants to be. 

You're not being too sensitive, but your expectation have been misplaced. This is a problem you're going to need to solve, probably with outside supports. You can think she's a bad person or you can break up with her, but you cannot make her babysit your kids.
You’re wrong for continuing to imagine this person is your friend. They are very clearly not.

This sounds like a bad habit, not a relationship. Break the habit before it does you real harm.
Do you want have kids? 

Because this man is telling you straight up that every single unpleasant part of parenting will be your job. He will not be changing diapers, let alone his plans. He _might_ show up for the big game, but he will not be part of the weekly practice carpool. 

He doesn’t put himself out for others. At all. Not even those he claims to love the most. The people who love him do the work to keep the relationship operating, and he basically ignores that labour entirely. 

It’s one thing to know your own boundaries and limitations. It’s another to be an asshole. You know which this is. I wouldn’t date a person this immature and self centred at all but if you want children, you need to run screaming from a 32 year old who is less considerate and empathetic than most 12 year olds.
You’re 36. I don’t believe you’re actually this clueless. 

You have not been subtle. At all. 

You know damn well this woman is working hard to establish distance and keep the conversation professional.

Sometimes there is no “chance” to kill. It’s just not happening. Accept it and move on.
At this point, _marriage_ is kind of a strange place to draw the line. What’s with the sudden attack of sensible concerns? Where was this hesitation fours years ago?
Obama said people have the right to be skeptical of the dumb shit when minority candidates say it too…

Attacked? Obama didn’t even bother saying the numb-nut’s name.
He just didn’t want to date you. 

There is nothing you can do to change that. 

Sooner you accept that, the sooner you can start to heal. 

This guy is closed off and non-communicative. That’s not on you. You couldn’t fix that for him.

Frankly, sounds like he tried for blame you for emotional issues that were of his own making.
You. Fucked. Her. Sister.

You’re not that dumb kiddo. You’re just playing at it to dodge responsibility for your actions and their predicable, reasonable impact. Seems like a pattern.
You should apologize for laughing. Your friends were insulting and bullying her and you joined in. You should have found something kind to say to her. 

Also, you fucked her sister. Yeah, that's the kind of thing that is gonna keep coming up! Kinda a big deal. Don't play dumb. No one is *that* dumb.
Has she actually told you she would like an apology? Or is she just vague-posting? Because you are well within your rights to completely ignore vague-posting. 

If she has asked for an apology. This is one of those few situations where 'I'm sorry you felt that way/Sorry you had a bad time.' apology would be valid, and maybe worthwhile.

You didn't do anything wrong, but you can still acknowledge that she was uncomfortable and that being uncomfortable sucked for her. You can acknowledge it sucks to *feel ditched*, even while you disagree that is what took place. 

Wanting to be heard and have her feelings acknowledged *may* be reasonable. Anything more than that is not. If she needs more than being heard out, then this isn't a person to hang out with during these sorts of events, and that's good for you to know in the future.
This man just accused you of being manipulative, even emotionally abusive, because he didn't want to take any accountability for his own choices, or his own frustrations.

You knew he was doing you a big favour. You said so more than once. You went out of your way to explain what the situation would look like, and then he weaponized the situation you had perfectly explained to him.

If he were saying 'Man, I did not enjoy that. Don't think I'd offer to do that again...' that would be perfectly fine and completely valid! I've definitely done a few favors for partners and then said 'Ok. I know I agreed to that and was happy to help this time, but not again...'

But that isn't what he's saying.

Don't build a life with someone who cannot handle *their own choices*, or normal human frustrations like bad traffic, without making it *your fault*. Without twisting it into a bad thing that you, or someone else, *did to them*. The first time a person blames me for traffic, or weather, or their own regrets, or their own ability to say No to something, is the last time. Life is full of little disappointments and bad calls and unexpected hiccups of all levels of seriousness. Adults who pout and blame and accuse only make the situation 100x worse and are impossible to live happily with.
If this is true, and you’re really back asking this, again, then you need therapy.

Stop asking for advice and speak to a therapist about your habit of fixating and unhealthy desperation to snag man.
He’s asserting control and trying to establish a norm. He’s saying “My passing humour is more important than your discomfort.” It’s probably not that he wants to sabotage the marriage, it’s that he wants to make sure she is accepting of this sort of “low-key” abuse before the marriage, so he can continue to escalate afterwards. That’s the kind of marriage he wants to build.
Stay away from Kay, and keep getting support for your alcoholism. 

Kay probably has some rather valid anger with you at this point — “start drinking in moderation” would have been the point at which I would be totally done with your shit. The fact she disclosed more than she should _while standing  in the ER concerned you might die_ is not necessarily malicious, but poor judgment. That is a moment where people make poor judgements like that. And speaking with a 19 year olds parents about them being in danger is also, not necessarily malicious. 

But it doesn’t matter. If you’re not happy with how Kay speaks of you, stop sharing information with Kay. Otherwise, you cannot really control her experiences or behaviours. 

And this seems rather obviously not your biggest fish to fry at the moment. Kay doesn’t like your choices. You don’t like hers. Let it go and do the work you need too. Good luck.
You can’t control what other people think, don’t bother trying.

But people would have to be rather stupid to think there is a problem with this. You share no blood. You were not raised as family members. You’re adults who met one another as adults, through other family members. You’re only real risk here is the occasional awkward large family dinner.
This guy is your controlling, cheating ex. He’s not a friend. You don’t owe him any explanations.

Block him everywhere. Never speak to him again. Problem solved.
It is possible to use grooming in any relationship: friends, coworkers, other family members. The word isn’t actually restricted to minors/age-related power imbalances. It refers to a technique or group of tactics, not to children. 

However I do agree, this seems to be OP trying to minimize his wife’s role in this situation.
I’d tell my BF he ain’t subtle and to grow the hell up. It’s rude and embarrassing to be out with a man who gawks. If any of my male friends did this on the regular I’d tell them they look like idiot 13 year olds and to get a grip. 

We all glance. We all notice. It had nothing to do with you or your appearance. Stop taking it personally and just call this ogling what it is: Rude and childish, like picking your nose in public. Draw his attention to it just like you would if he was picking his nose, tell him it’s gross and to break the bad habit.
This man is just an asshole. 

He understands just fine. This isn’t a situation where you haven’t communicated clearly.

He knows this isn’t loving. 

Your misery is the point.
You’re regularly reviewing straights men’s dating profiles eh? I don’t spend a lot of time looking at _straight woman’s_ profiles, but obviously that behaviour about height would make her an asshat. Really, not complicated. Also, totally not necessary on apps where filtering by height is available, but hey, I’ll take your word for it kiddo.

I’m sorry I’m not hating on teenage women enough for ya, but I am confident you’ll find plenty of corners of the internet which fuel that fire for ya.
I know this a repost, but I still wanna see this asshat thread an overlocker. 

My gaming computer requires way less regular maintenance or technical know-how than my sewing machines.
Men are policed for their behaviour, not their preferences.

You can choose not to match with larger women on a dating site, but if you put “No fatties” you’re an ass. If you are 40 and chasing 19 year olds, it’s your behaviour that’s the problem. 

I don’t expect you to understand the difference, but there is a drastic one between preferences, and behaviour towards other human beings.
According to this guy, he’s basically required to be.
It cannot be some woman have personal values, interests or concerns about the world that extend beyond an individual man’s needs.
Because as much as they whine about respecting fathers and the necessity of two parent households, they only really mean that women shouldn’t be allowed to leave.

They never actually mean that individual men should be responsible parents.

I don’t think it’s the end of the world if someone’s wants to be an older father — yes there are increased risks and sure you’re probably not gonna be around for highschool grad. I think that sucks, but it falls under you do you. 

What really bugs me in the men who will both argue for the importance of present fathers in a child’s life, and still applaud these sorts of choices.
While I think your concerns are totally valid, we also know perfectly well that many, many people can engage daily with all sorts of immersive fantasies (games, movies, books) and still not be confused about what is real, and what is content consumption. 

I think the real question you need to ask yourself is if you are compatible with, and comfortable in a relationship with, someone who engages with porn this much. Is he pressuring you to perform or not respecting your Nos when it comes to sex acts. You don’t need to judge his character negatively, or make calls about his motivations, to decide he’s just not for you.
This is really up to you.

Is this the behaviour you want to have in a friendship? Because I’ll be honest, not me. This kind of intensity of communication is reserved for romantic partners and/or very close friends at times of crisis.

Since you’re asking this question, you’re probably realizing that your energy and time are not lining up with the reality of this connection. Your behaviour is not consistent with what you say is happening here between the two of you.
It wouldn't be wrong -- it wouldn't be a violation of your agreement -- but it would probably be *unwise* at this point if you're serious about exploring the connection with him. He has told you that, for him, he tends not to explore his options by this point. You're not exclusive, but he has told you that is the path he would like to be on. 

I've been similar to him in the past, by the time I reach date number six or so, I'm probably not actively dating anyone else, even if we are not exclusive yet. 

Frankly, if you're at date six and you're still motivated to explore your options with other people, then you may want to respectfully end it with someone who is looking for a serious commitment. You may just not be aligned.
You're only the bad guy if you'd not clear with her when you know what the score is. 

She's allowed to be upset. She's allowed to not want to be your friend. It may suck, but it's not wrong.
You don't really explain. It's not a math puzzle you can logically describe for her. 

You just own it. To be kind, you have to be clear.

"You're a cool person, but I'm not feeling it on a romance level. I'd like to stay friends if that would work for you."

It's okay for her to feel bad. Rejection sucks. She's allowed to be upset. What is important is that you own it as your own experience and reality, and you don't leave any false hope.
You desperately need to find yourself a woman mentor who can help you set expectations for the review process. You're spinning out.

Write romance novels on your own time. In the real world, your boss is off-limits and you're running a real risk of making a fool of yourself on a personal level with him, and with others. These fantasies and obsessive thoughts need to be dropped. 

The only actual workplace problem here, is you learning what is normal during the pitch/feedback/revision process and how to emotionally navigate it. Let go of the rest of this shit.
It's a new sleeping situation for you both. You'll both probably adapt.

Or buy a bigger bed.
The only spin here to help her feel better is that she is now free of someone who clearly was unable or unwilling to treat her with any consideration or real friendship. 

You're reading too much into this, because reading into is a waste of time and energy. It's over.

You may want to consider what boundaries you need, as her friend, when it comes to constantly hearing about this drama.
How can you not understand her being perfectly allowed to just talk about work with you?

It is sad, but it also sounds like her husband may have had valid concerns about your ability to manage an appropriate workplace friendship with a married woman... You do not appear to handling this change in boundaries very well.
I don’t think we need to attribute to malice what is adequately explained by stupidity.

I doubt he was consciously running game or trying to manipulate you. Probably just wasn’t thinking very much at all, and was doing what felt good to him in the moment with no actual regard for you as another person. No self awareness. No consideration. Just “Hey! This feels good to me in this moment so I’ll do X.” 

Definitely not someone who is worth carrying in with — way too dumb to be any fun. I would have blocked him too after that shit. But also probably not someone who was deliberately trying to mess with you — also too dumb.
It’s not her fault you’re terrible at confrontation.

If you cannot handle telling the woman whose done your hair — for six years — that you weren’t happy with the latest job, then you will just need to find another. 

Demanding a refund at this point seems excessive when you weren’t able to communicate with her. It’s strange that after six years, you’re allowing so much accusation and anger to fester…
You don’t.

You end all contact you can with this unstable, abusive person who threatened to publicly shame you, and you figure out how to live somewhere else.

From now on you say nothing but hi and bye to him. You leave when he tries to speak to you. You nod. You keep your door close. You say nothing to him unless it’s totally necessary. Never defend. Never explain. Never answer any questions or talk about your feelings. Anything you say will be used against you. You are roommates, not friends. If asks, state that “We’re not friends, just polite roommates.” 

It’ll be worth the expense to move out. This is not a safe person to have in your life at all.
This has to be made up.

But on the off chance there is an adult man out there in the world who is in this stupid.

You ruined your family. Not her. Your ex-wife is behaving in a totally sane way, and you can only speak to her through the lawyer moving forward because that is the rational reaction to your behaviour.

Your wife is behaving in a totally logical way. You fucked her teenage sister. You're done.

If you try to continue to attempt to entrap very young women, they are going to keep on growing up, and getting what they are entitled to from you.
>I can't stand watching people walk all over her

Then stop watching. Because you cannot change her choices. You can only change yours. And you are not reflecting much trust of respect for her choices here... which means this is a bad relationship for you both.

This relationship isn't working for you. Your insistence on remaining in a bad situation is going to result in you behaving in toxic and controlling ways.
Tell him. He's 30. Don't coddle him. Tell him.

"I am worried you're going to keep making it my job to reassure you of your value. Comments like "you'll get swooped up" or "I have a lot of competition" are really insulting to me, since I have *chosen to date you.* I have already decided, that you won. Sp I need these sorts of comments to stop. Not just to apologize when you do it, but to work on not doing it. I need you to know that your insecurities are primarily your responsibility. I can help you out a bit with it, but you need to do the real work to stop thinking this way about yourself and stop putting it on me that you feel these negative ways about yourself. It's fair to keep putting on me and making it my job to address."
You're not a superhero. You're not a martry. You're not her parent or her keeper or her therapist or her doctor. You're her teenage boyfriend, and she's it sounds like she's been telling you to stop condescending to her.

You're not in charge of her and it's not your job to figure things out for her. 

She is allowed to make choices for her own life, even if she has a mental illness. She can, and is, choosing not to be in the kind of relationship you want to be in.

You are allowed to leave a relationship that doesn't work for you.
You cannot *earn* the relationship you want with someone.

They have to be *offering* it. 

She's not offering you the kind of relationship you want to be in.
Support your Dad in this moment. Let your Mom make her own decisions.

The only mistake here you made here was every agreeing to attend with you mother. It always made sense to prioritize your father on this day. It was understandable for her to feel awkward attending alone, but that wasn't a problem you can solve. You'd already made plans with your Dad.

Besides that, you really need to tell all of these very selfish adults to handle their own shit. If your father isn't happy with how his mother maintains boundaries with his ex-wife, that is something for him to discuss with his mother, not you. If he doesn't want your mother to join in events besides the funeral itself, that is for him to discuss with her, or with other people who may choose to invite her (like, his own mother) and not you. If your mother sends a nasty text, that is none of your business. Tell both of them not to speak to you about it. You shouldn't even have to know about that.

Both of your parents sound petty and mean and are putting way too much of their bullshit on you.

It's been a decade. It's not your problem to solve. These two people are choosing misery and pettiness at this point and you cannot make them happy. They have both chosen, to some degree, *unhappiness*.

You're an adult, but you're still *the child* when it comes to the two of them. Do not do anyone's dirty work for them. These adults are still responsible for managing their own relationships with one another. Do not try to save your Dad from your Mom, or your Mom from your Dad. Tell them to talk to one another if they have a problem with one another and leave you the hell out of it.

You've made your decision to attend with Dad. Your Mom can feel how she feels about that and do what she feels is right. If she's not comfortable attending, tell her you understand and you'll talk again soon. Beyond that, it's between them. Don't get involved
Your mother cannot force you to get a medical implant or go on birth control.

If you tell the doctor you do not want it, they will do put it in you. You only have to say so.

Your mother can create serious consequences for you that might stop you from sleeping over at your BFs house but she cannot force you to use hormonal contraception.

But come on. You know this. Relying only on condoms is a little bit stupid, when other options are available.

The smart thing to do would be to figure out if hormonal birth control is something you can comfortably use. You're digging in your heels because you're pissed with your mom. She can be wrong about a whole lot of shit, and also be right that it's time to explore contraception options in your life. Go talk to a doctor about it.
It’s “feminine”.

I’m only half kidding, my little brother called it “feminine anger” — shrill, irrational and intensely emotional is what he thinks a woman’s anger should be preformed as.

Which is strange because he comes from a family full of women who are quite mellow but have _ice cold rage_ when triggered — there were no shrill voices growing up and my house — and I’ve seen that he comprehends it just fine.
This woman needs better friends. (Although, she probably cant keep ‘em with that attitude.)

I’ve never met the woman who behaves the way she’s describing. Like, I haven’t even had to work very hard to avoid her theoretical evil woman. I have had to avoid women like this content creator, who scream bloody murder about the evil women they imagine exist and are treating men so badly…
Does dressing modestly mean trying your damnedest to look like an airbrushed 12 year old now?
The first thing you do is accept that you don't have sole control over how 'peaceful' it is. 

If he chooses to react very poorly, that's going to happen. No amount of perfect behaviour on your part, can stop him. 

And he's probably going to react badly, because he's already told you he feels entitled to verbally abuse you. He doesn't think it's wrong. He's gonna do it. 

Your job is to minimize his opportunities. 

To leave, in the short-term you need someplace safe for you and your daughter to stay. Since he is abusive, you should make a plan that keeps you safe. That means your daughter needs to not be in the house, or accessible to him in anyway, when you tell him. You also want to remove anything highly personal or sensitive before you have this conversation (passports, medical records, sentimental jewelry or banking information. Leave it with friends or family. DO not leave it behind in a space where he can access it). You can absolutely have this conversation over the phone. You do not owe a face-to-face conversation to someone who is abusive towards you. Safety first.

Then you probably need some legal advice regarding leases or entitlements, but the first step is physical safety and basic core documents and possessions.
>Do you think this is because she actually has an issue with old problems, that again she have not been brought up in years or because she is deflecting back to her?

It's almost certainly both. To some degree or another.

Even without knowing what they are - Both. Probably both. 

She is actually still having these issues, and the feelings remain real and are impacting her, even if you think the issue itself is resolved.

And also she's deflecting and feeling defensive and unhappy with you. 

Just take these conversations to a therapist who can help you both handle them better.
In other words: Because misogyny, many men do not believe it is possible for me as a bisexual woman to experience a connection with another woman that is as meaningful as the connection that is possible with them, a man.

Which is *extremely invalidating.*

It is extremely insulting and demeaning, on a personal level, to be treated that way by someone who is close to you, who you speak openly to about yourself and your life. It means they are not listening or believing me when I speak about my own experiences, romantic and sexual history, or orientation. I don't want a partner who invalidates my lived experience because their ego, and sexist assumptions, cannot accept that two women have 'real sex' or 'real romance'.
Oh, well if HE started it that changes 

Nothing

Grow the fuck up.
You don't need to date anyone you do not want to.

But you need to check yourself. You hadn't even *met* her yet. You hadn't gone on a single date. You wanted her to be committed to you, and just you, before ever meeting?

There was no betrayal. She was single. She behaved like a single person. 

You made assumptions about her life and her choices, in the weeks before you even met. 

If this was something that was really important to you before entering a relationship, then you need to ask. "Don't ask, don't tell" is perfectly acceptable during the non-exclusive, talking phase of getting to know someone. If her past behaviour on apps or with casual sex were important to you, it was on you to ask directly about these things. 

The only thing that actually happened here, is she had a different attitudes towards hooking up and casual sex than you assumed she had. And it's okay if that is a dealbreaker for you, but it's not a thing she *did to you*.
Would have killed you to buy an enclosed frame or box? Seriously.

This sounds made up. If it's not, grow up.

You're in rez. There are usually pretty strict/bizarre rules about what you can keep. Don't want to deal with rez rules and rez roommates? Then don't be in rez.

An escalating war of snitching (with a vaguely homophobic tinge to it!) sounds like a miserable way to spend the next few months that's about as likely to get you expelled as him, but hey, you do you.
Illegal for the landlord to ask. Not to offer. Not for the realtor to recommend they offer.

It is happening more and more. The realtor may be giving good advice in this case on how to secure it.
In other words, you don't think it's "real sex" or a "real threat" if there isn't a penis involved.

This is not a good look if you want to date queer women who has any self-respect.
Hah. This is always a shittest I (inadvertently) use when I'm dating men: Do they realize that sex involving two women is still 'real sex'? Or are they only threatened by other penis-havers? If they get nervous about men in my life, but never about the women, then they are invalidating both my ability to maintain boundaries with my friends, but also my bisexuality. Hard pass.
It sounds like your ex was uncomfortable with the upcoming period of long-distance. 

It's very, very rarely 'just one silly thing'. It's better if you can accept that.
>IMO, the only way to fix this situation is to go scorched earth and do everything possible to take all custody from this toxic woman. She's doing drugs and she's a neglectful/ abusive parent. This should be a given.

Totally agree, but also, *totally* out of OP's control. OP can recommend the scored earth policy you describe here, but then brother has to run with it (and, probably won't, at least not yet). OP cannot enforce it or lead this charge. It won't work if they do. 

All OP can really do right now is start to create consequences for mother and brother for not having strict boundaries with Ashley. The consequence that is within their power is: You see us and your other grandkids far less because you're not creating safe situations for us as family when you include Ashley.
Nah. Let him laugh. You're helping your manager out by making your own boundaries clear first.

It's important for you to tell the manager you asked him clearly, politely, to stop. It's important for the manager to know he laughed in your face. Makes it easier for them to do their job (and to know they have too).
This man cheated on you, and then tried to break up with you.

That's not just NRE. You created that narrative to protect yourself and he latched on 'cause it fit his needs in the moment. 

You need to be seriously asking yourself if this man actually wants to be in an poly/open relationship, if he is emotionally or cognitively equipped for it and willing to do the work to make it function, and if you can even trust him to be able to tell you the truth on those first two points. Can this man even know what he wants and what work he is willing to do? Could he communicate that to you if he did know? 

You can never know the truth of another person's mind, but every. bit. of. evidence. you. have. here. says No. No, you cannot trust this man to be an emotionally responsible partner. 

As a general rule you should really not try to reason someone out of breaking up with you.  You should have broken up, and you should have forced yourself to find healthier ways to resolve your own confusion and grief. The ones you picked were bandaids.
It could be the long-term agreement others comes to -- OP cannot completely control that -- but the period right now is transitional, with no legal agreements in place. People are *feeling* their way through the separation, so is a period where those agreements are going to be thought about and slowly come together.

Which is why the best thing OP can do, within their power, is decline to be in Ashley's presence, so that brother and mother have that information and that reality when making future plans and agreements.
This.

And then when he says "It's just a joke." you say "I don't understand what's funny about accusing me to cheat. Can you explain the joke part of it to me?" Followed finally by "Well, whatever you intend, I find it hurtful/insulting. Please stop hurting/insulting me."
You can't control other people.

You can only stop responding to the instigation -- every time you respond you make it a fight between two badly behaved people, instead of one person being a bully. 

Ask him directly to stop. Once. Clearly. In front of other people in the workplace. Tell him it's unkind and unwelcome, and you want him to stop doing that. This is making you uncomfortable, and it's not okay to expose customers too.

When he doesn't, speak to your manager about the behaviour.
She's not just the ex-wife. She's not even that yet.

She's the co-parent. The mother of the grandchildren.

If you don't want to go to events where she is present, don't. That is the right response and it puts the ball back in your mother and brother's court, to properly manage their energy and time and invites during this transitional period.

And it is a transitional period.

With the divorce not yet being processed, and no custody or separation agreement in place, it makes sense for your brother not to antagonize her further.  The custody agreement is where they can spell out that when they are in his custody, they will be spending time with his family members and she cannot enforce a blacklist.

In the meantime, block her on socials. There is no reason to expose yourself in any way to that.
This. I'm baffled why he thinks the father would have signed over the land in a way that *didn't* prioritize and protect his daughter. The only error here was not talking about what would happen to the home in the case of a divorce when deciding to build there... Someone should have brought that up, but that group of someones *includes* OP. OP should have asked both his FIL and wife, and his own lawyer.

OP accepted a financial/housing situation he didn't think through and now regrets. It sucks. It's perhaps unkind, but it's not a conspiracy.

And it's not the only reason this marriage is in serious trouble.
While I understand being upset with your wife, this is also quite obviously what would take place. You were 35. Not 15. No one took you for a ride. You built a structure on land that doesn't belong to you, but to her father. Inheritance is usually exempt from shared property calculations. This is rather basic shit. I'm sorry it didn't occur to you, but this isn't particularly underhanded. 

Did you think he'd make some sortof cash gift to you after the marriage ended? To buy you out of the land you didn't own? Would you have done that for your daughter's ex? Given him a big old gift right after the marriage ended? Probably not. 

If you're going to remain married, it's clear you have some big conversations and changes you need to make about your budget and legal situation.

But if you want to get divorced, this is clearly not the only reason behind that, and you need to speak to a lawyer about the value you put into the house. That you may have some entitlement too, but that's a legal question, not a relationship one.
It’s this. To liberals this doesn’t sound like humour, just like condescending lying. 

To conservatives, it’s both humorous and the truth.

Liberals tend to like jokes with irony and misdirection and ambiguity. All things that take cognitive effort to decode. That’s fun. That funny for them. 

Conservatives prefer jokes based on exaggeration and the grotesque. Tucker says exactly what he means up right away, and then he intensifies it. This requires no context or cognitive effort to understand, but it’s experienced _as funny_, as humour. Even while the exaggeration are often also accepted as literal truth. 

I think JorDan miss this sometimes with Alex too. The people who are listening to him would argue both that he’s obviously joking AND that he’s telling the truth. That makes a sort of fundamental sense to them because that is what comedy is to them. Irony and misdirection are _mean_, and take work, and the comedian seems to be admitting it’s not really true, so don’t always resolve tidily or feel like attacks. Exaggeration is validating, easy to listen to you, therefor funny, and also true.
“This is not what an enjoyable friendship looks like for me. It doesn’t feel kind, or funny.”

You’re totally allowed to have boundaries in your friendships. This is lazy humour. If they really _need_ friendships where they are free to behave this way, then they have those with someone else. If they value your friendship on terms that make you both happy, they’ll cut it out. 

I’m younger than you and queer, and none of my male friends would behave this way on the regular. A few of my gay guy friends may have when we younger, but a general “Hey, that’s not my vibe.” addressed it just fine with no real hurt feelings.
You need to start saying No, without giving reasons or excuses. 

Anything you say about why you can’t, will just be the beginning of a debate or manipulation.

Instead, tell her the truth: You won’t. You’re not going too. Whether you can or not is not a necessary conversation, because you’re done lending money. 

You may try to say “Consider the past money a gift, but I will not lend money any more.” That might soften it and make you feel better (since that is reality the reality anyways) but accept that if she chooses to respond badly than she just will respond badly. Nothing you can do about that. 

Your job right now is to make yourself feel secure and comfortable saying No, and sticking to it. You can’t really control how she chooses to react.
You’re being ridiculous.

You shouldn’t go to the wedding because you’re fucking ridiculous, and the happy couple really shouldn’t have to deal with your bullshit.

You need to get over yourself. If you really can’t manage that on your own, seek therapy.

It’s been over a decade. You were children. This should be vaguely awkward and kind of funny. It should not be anything more than that. Pretending that you were destined, or that you had any rights to her, or that you have any ability to not “let this happen” is all completely absurd. 

I’m dead serious: if you are actually this distressed about the situation, please talk to a therapist. This is not a healthy or rational response.
You’ve agreed the cats are hers. The cats are hers.

The care of the cat is no longer your responsibility, and also not something you’re entitled to. If she believes a contact with you of any kind will help the cat adjust, she can I ask for your help with that. However, it’s probably far better for the cat to push through this adjustment period, then to have intermittent and unreliable contact with you.

You just need to grieve this relationship, that includes grieving the relationship with the cats.
If you believe your girlfriend is cognitively incapable of empathy, and has no regard for right or wrong, don’t date her.

Drugs may be contributing, but they are not the sole cause.
Your BF is abusive.

It's not your job to protect him, from the neighbours knowing he's an abuser. It's his job to not be abusive. 

Go to the wedding alone, and then make a plan to keep yourself safe and away from this man. Ask your family for help. 

He's gonna hit you. Soon. Or worse. He is abusing you and he's justifying his escalating abuse. The only thing that stopped him was the embarrassment of the neighbours finding out. He didn't stop because he didn't want to hurt you. He stopped because he didn't want to get caught. 

You're in very real danger.

Gather up your important documents and have a friend keep them, or mail them to your parents.

You were right to run. Keep running.
Don’t take your coworkers so seriously. They probably aren’t seeing much, they are more likely bored and using you two for entertainment. Which is another thing you need to put a stop too, by not giving it any more fuel. 

Stop spinning out on this. Like you said, in the end, you just have to step back. There is nothing else you can do that is appropriate, given the place your own head is at.
You need to start just saying No, and keeping your distance.

One of two things is happening here:

1. She is truly obliviously, and genuinely trying to build a friendship with you and is open to opportunities outside of the workplace to do that. So, you need to end it. And say no to those opportunities clearly. Because you're not happy or comfortable with her version of friendship. And that's okay. As with anything, you can admit that a friendship connection isn't working for you, and step back from it.
2. She's looking to cheat with you. So you need to end it. Because you're entering into a situation that can only possibly harm you, with someone who is untrustworthy.

You're reading an awful lot in to passing comments made in the workplace -- you're quite clearly overinvested yourself in the fantasy of her wanting you -- but the truth probably lies somewhere in the middle: She's unhappy, and not fully aware of what she is doing or thinking through what she is saying. 

Odds are good you are taking this far more seriously than she ever has.

The end result is the same tho: Stay away.
Just be the bigger person and say "I'm sorry to have hurt you. Our relationship was important to me, but I've accepted it is over. Given how you feel about my choices to move on and date again, I think it's best we not continue to try to be friends. Good luck."

Then block her.

She has no business berating you. And you know it.

Maybe she isn't trying to manipulate you, but it doesn't really matter. This isn't going to work as a friendship if that how she feels or how she behaves. If she is going to be this upset by the reality, then you're not friends and you can end contact.
If you do not want to be in a relationship with someone who uses drugs, frequently and to excess, then he's not your person.

What is capable of, is lying to you. He is capable of lying in repeated, obvious and predictable ways. He is displaying the behaviour of being an addict and being in denial about that.

The odds of this getting better are slim.

The odds of it getting better *before it gets much worse* are basically nil.

If you go back in two weeks, you will be in this exact same position again quite soon, with an addict who broke their word again when it came to substance abuse.
This is entirely up to her.

If she doesn't wish to be in a relationship right now, that choice is hers and needs to be respected.

Depressed, or mentally ill people, are still entitled to end relationships. Breaking up isn't a choice you make together. It's a choice one person makes, and then it's made. It doesn't require your belief or your agreement. If she wants this to be over, then it's over. For any reason. Even reasons you don't like or agree with. 

It's nice that you believe you can be a source of support, but in any relationship, if one person chooses to end it, it's over.

You're her BF right now, not her therapist or social worker, or any other adult participating in her care or treatment. You don't 'work together' on serious mental health challenges. You offer the support you can as a teenage BF, and she can accept or reject any of those offers.
Tell her you don't want to have any contact or conversation with someone she thinks might kill her.

If she wants to make up crazy stories, act accordingly. Don't apologize. Tell her to stop putting you in danger too.

"No. I don't want to talk to your brother. You told me he might tell your Dad to kill you! Don't send photos of me to potential murderers! Are you trying to get me killed as well?"

You cannot fight that kind of crazy narrative. So lean into it.

Next she calls him tell her you're gonna talk a way and "Don't tell the people who want you dead that I live here please."
Don't diagnose. Don't recommend a treatment plan. You haven't got those skills or information.

There is a level of "whiteness" that is within normal and the bacteria that causes bad breath isn't removed by scrapping. The colour change is more likely caused by whatever is causing the smell, instead of the cause itself of the smell. Or, the smell might just have you noticing something that was always within normal for him. He really shouldn't just start scrapping his tongue raw. It may do nothing, or he might make things even worse for his health.

Instead, tell him the fact that you do know: His breath is bad and it's getting worse. Ask him to please to speak to a doctor (best option, likely a dentist) about how to address it.
You cannot stop him from investing his portion. 

Tell him plainly this is not what you want for your future. If he rather not buy right now that is a totally valid discussion, but it needs to be *a discussion*. With you, his actual partner.

If he will not do that -- and it seems he has already decided not too -- you have learned that you need to financially plan for yourself, and yourself alone. He is not your partner when it comes to money. He is not working with you. 

You need to decide if the relationship can move forward, or even survive, with that limitation.
It's okay to be mad, but don't delude yourself into thinking you can fix it.

If you had a screenshot of *that conversation*, that would be far more relevant to share with her than his more recent attempt at contact.

The choice is yours. Personally, I don't police other people being shitty in their relationships. I only stick my own neck out if they are being *dangerous*, and I have clear evidence of them being *dangerous* to date. What you have here is bullshit, not dangerous. 

Too many of the people who date casual shady assholes and liars, just turn on the people who try to warn them. No reason in my mind to open myself up to harassment or drama, just because your BF is an asshole.
Just block him.

The core problem here is that you don't want to speak to him. He's not your friend. You want him out of your life.

So get him out and don't insert yourself into the drama and court more contact and conversation with him, or with his GF. That is always a risk -- a risk of not being believed, or even of being harassed in response. And that is the opposite of what you actually want.

I'm all for taking that risk and telling a partner when there is some physical danger or harassment, like cheating or blackmail or threats, but here there is nothing but bullshit. Low-key, open-to-interpretation bullshit. It's just not yours to carry. It's not on you to do the work or take the risk to inform her of this sort of shit. Just be done with him.
Your BF thinks you're trash and he feels entitled to treat you that way.

You were not stupid. You just assumed, that your BF *didn't still think you were* trash.

He does. He always has. He has always believed this about you, and he will always believe he can treat you as if you were trash, whenever it works for him. 

The problem here is not about seeing your friend. The problem here is your BF and it's not getting better. It's not going to get better. He feels entitled to weaponize this against you. Whenever he wants to lash out at you, he will use this. He will always shame you over this. He believes he deserves to treat you this way. 

As long as he continues to behave this way, this is not a safe relationship for you.
Nice to hear a happy story, with a partner who listened and stepped up. Thank you for sharing!
You need to change the password on your Amazon account.

Or disconnect your card.

Or use a pre-paid card.

You also need to seriously reconsider this relationship and the agreement you've come to with your wannabe trophy wife. You cannot afford a trophy wife.

Getting a joint account with this woman would be insane. 

Not caring if she contribute financially to the cost of your life together isn't laudable if you have negative funds in your account. It's just kinda stupid.
In other words, you left really important details out of the OP?

But they don't really change my advice.

He''s bad people? Okay. Still her choice who is in her life and who isn't, and not yours. Still something you need to speak up about *respectfully*, and decide not to date her if you can't deal with *her choice*.

Still an overreaction to "I don't know."

You're responding as if she said "Definitely yes! We're having coffee tomorrow."

And if my current BF told me it 'made him sick' to think about me having sex with my ex, I'd tell him to get the fuck over himself and stop fixating unfairly. That's immature and unkind. You keep arguing with her about her own experiences. It's fine to disagree, but this condescending towards her like this isn't going to help her deal with her own past. 

It's fine to let her know how you're feeling, but dear god rein those feelings in and bring more respect to the conversation. Stop making her past all about yourself.
Yeah. But he also has to do the work to *not make it personal*. That is literally the bare minimum he needs to be doing here out of basic human respect.

You can and should expect better from him than the behavior you're describing.

Anxiety makes controlling yourself more difficult at times, but it doesn't mean he's not still expected to meet the minimum of respect and kindness. He's not meeting that. I have a rather severe anxiety disorder and I'd never dream it would be acceptable to treat my partner the way he is treating you while you drive.
You're overreacting. 

"I don't know" needs to be a valid and safe response to that question.

It's fine to tell her that you rather she didn't. It's fine to be uncomfortable. It's not okay to loose your everloving mind over this. 

It's good for her to remember that you can forgive someone and not be mad at them, without inviting them back in your life. 

It's vital you remember that she is entitled to choose her own friends, and should be trusted to maintain appropriate boundaries with all the people she chooses as friends. If you cannot trust her to do that, don't date her.
Boundaries: Yelling "Watch out!" for anything short of immediate risk of death is not acceptable behaviour for a passenger. Likewise, boundaries against accusations are valid and important here. He can be saying things like 'This feels fast.' or 'I'm uncomfortable with the speed.' He should not be saying 'You're speeding.'  His feelings are what he needs to communicate, not his anxious assumptions or accusations about your behaviour. He needs to recognize and use his words to reflect, the fact his judgments in this situation are flawed and unreliable. He is not that authority.

Compromises: You need to accept that time in a car is not 'together' time. Instead of framing it as 'a chauffeur', I'd recommend you think of driving the two of you places as a chore, like doing the dishes or vacuuming. One that is difficult or impractical to share, but necessary to keep life going on. Your chore is driving. His chore, is managing his own shit while you drive. So at that moment, you're not 'together'. You both have taken on separate, necessary tasks, to get to a place. 

Both my partner and I have anxiety around cars/driving. These are very similar to the boundaries we have in place when one of us is the passenger. No spoken warnings unless they rise to the level of 'someone is gonna die'. We both agree not to give a damn about scratches or dents on the damn car. We share feelings or ask questions, we do not assert facts or make accusations. We respect the person behind the wheel is doing one job and the passenger's job is to not interfere or make the driving job more stressful than necessary. And sometimes, depending on anxiety levels, the passenger's job is the harder one but just as necessary as the drivers that it be performed well.
'As someone who loves you, I want better than this for you.'

You don't need to go much further than that to start. I wouldn't suggest you get prescriptive and tell him what to do, but you might ask him, as someone who loves you, what *he'd suggest to you* if you were calling him each day with these concerns and anxieties about a partner's unkind words, or drinking. 

The opinions to voice here are the opinions that your father is kind and worthy. It's not your job, or your place to address her addiction or mental health, it's your job to tell your father you're concerned *for him* and that you want better for himself than he has right now. Tell him this is not okay. He's no okay. He deserves to feel okay in his relationship.
This isn't a financial question, it's a relationship one.

*You* actually have two choices:

1. Continue to date this woman
2. Or don't.

You could certainly be speaking to your GF about your plans for the future and how she might share/join you in those. You can be speaking about the compromises and agreements you would not be open to making yourself (like, living with someone who financially supports a parent).

Her choices are only relevant to you so much as they change your relationship together, and introduce stress or impediments. And the solutions really are hers to figure out, not yours to prescribe. She needs to be the driver seat on any suggestions or next steps, or it just won't work. 

The choices your GF actually has are far more than two. (And $500 is likely not reasonable rent in any way. Don't know how you pulled that number outta your rear.) It's *your choices* you should be considering, and in the end, you're the one who really only has two.
This is definitely unpopular, but I hate how the quote “Well-behaved women seldom make history” has been twisted and misunderstood, and turned into a slogan, because the author was actually making a super cool and way more interesting point about whose stories get told. It wasn’t a battle cry to “misbehave”. 

Laurel Thatcher Ulrich, who was a professor of Early American history at Harvard, said this in an academic paper on New England Ministerial Literature, 1668-1735. Basically, it was about early American settler women, writing about their faith. 

She was arguing women’s lives have limited representation in historical narrative except as the “bad girls” and that well-behaved women SHOULD make history. That their ordinary/domestic lives were interesting and worthy, and that we shouldn’t be trying to classify  every woman who ever lived as either “housewife” or “radical”. 

Anyways, it makes me cringe every time I see it plastered as a slogan on some alternative fashion, or warrior princess vibe, or misattributed to Marilyn Monroe…
Dude. Just, no. 

Go touch grass. Read a book or something about people who actually did survive. Refugees. Natural disasters. Read academics and historians takes on settlers, early societies, or exploration. 

This is TV. Often fairly called trash TV. And I love it! But this is purely entertainment. Those commenters, those clips, are part of the attention marketplace. There is nothing to study there, not in the way you’re describing. You’re confused about what is taking place. 

You’re not talking about serious, thoughtful considerations about human survival when you’re talking about any particular season’s groups performance on this show. You’re talking, somewhat ironically, about _gossip_ — an often feminine-coded but deeply human practice of casual conversations about other people, typically involving details that unclear, untrue, or otherwise being delivered through the lens of deep individual bias.
Let’s maybe not conflate a single season of reality TV with an “experiment”. 

Season three of the same silly show would tell a different story and gender. 

Boy and Girls Alone paints a very different picture.

But I really don’t think we can learn to much about human survival from an extremely small group of people who self select to be on reality TV (then are further selected by producers for good TV) and who all know damn well the stakes measured in clout and bragging rights, not death.
Yeah. When it gets that extreme it “a few bad apples” situation imo. I imagine _most men_ could correctly deduce that a doctors office is not the place for this behaviour — even if they were inclined to it — but it only takes a few men to spoil women’s experience of being approached. 

And lord knows it’s way more than “a few” who feel 100% entitled to the attentions of any women they see straying into a public space.
My go to is now is a perplexed shake of my head and a loud “I don’t know you. This is not a conversation.” 

Ignore all questions, all insults, don’t take the bait. Just wait till they stop for breath and say “I. Am. Not. Having. A. Conversation. Goodbye.”
Men who feel appropriate amounts of empathy and shame are much less likely to be cold approaching to begin with.
Ew. No. I'd be done with this therapist. Hell, I might forward this exchange to thier supervisor. There are a handful of what I can most generously refer to as rookie mistakes here.

The observation and advice to ask him explicitly to stop might be a good one, especially if the therapist is going to back you up on boundaries and tone, and help to keep the questions productive.

But the blame shifting and 'enjoying the attention' remarks were so totally beyond the pale. Once someone said that to me I'd be saying 'Thank you for the sessions, I will not be attending any further.' No explications or justifications. They have utterly closed the door on any actual communication or understanding here. Don't try to smash through it. Just say No. 

Someone who thinks I am 'attention seeking' is not someone who can be trusted with any vulnerability whatsoever. We are adults seeking serious assistance. Not toddlers or puppy dogs who are bored.

You're not refusing treatment by ending this relationship. You're leaving a situation where you are not respected or believed by the 'authority figure' in the room.

Don't blame yourself for not stepping up early. It seems likely you had properly judged the situation as not one where it would be safe or productive to do so...
This!

Kind of specific examples but my life got so much better when I realized “Yes, a lot of men do not like/cannot handle a woman “making the first move”, but I don’t want to date those men anyways! So “loosing my chance” with them is a perk, not a failure. Let’s start asking out who I want to ask out and stop the attention-seeking games to signal availability.”
Sure. A study if 75 women (including 15 who has never had intercourse) asked to judge from 33 3D printed blue wands, landed on a general preference for length m = 6.3 inches, and circumference = 4.8 inches. 

So if you’re buying a blue dildo for the average woman, you now know what to look for. 

If you’re looking to drag other men down into despair and anger with you, this is scant evidence for a slight above-average preference amoung woman, and also please stop.
Hey, maybe we should just not have a draft? Maybe that is like, fundamentally immoral and unworkable and we’ve all basically agreed on that by now anyways… 

No. Threats of violence. We need every possible delusion and excuse to shame women with vague threats of violence and harm against them, and we’re totally cool with fucking over men just to get to keep those insults!
They are only conveniently unable to decode the women they don’t wish to listen too. 

When other men they value, or fear, or respect, behave in passive aggressive or indirect ways, they understand just fine. They pick up on those codes constantly, every day, because they decided it was worth it to do so. 

They are not as dumb as they would like us to think.
A person (women, or often gay men) who seek out very large penises (or toys).
Careful research = Watched a lot of porn made for men, by men. Concluded women are the problem.

Actual research = Less than 20% of women orgasm from penetration alone and an even smaller number identify as “size queens”.
Is this woman your friend?

If not, tell her to take up _her boundaries_ with _her husband._ All you did was show up at a party you were invited too, in your work clothing.

Then block her. The boundaries in her marriage are not your job to know, or enforce. If she has an issue, it’s with her husband. Do not apologize for _existing_ in a dress.

If she is your friend then tell her you are sorry that her boundaries were inadvertently and unintentionally violated by you, but that anything more than that is an issue between her and husband, not you.
Or the number of male firefighters who are also convicted serial arsonists…
Then say that it’s on him (and maybe encourage OP to keep herself safe if he doesn’t acknowledge that immediately) because without that accountability spelled out, your advice appeared to be that OP should set themselves on fire to keep the poor wounded adult man who is abusing her warm.
You realize you sound like a 19 year old? 

And honestly, that’s fine. Be a bachelor. Be the emotional equivalent of a teenager if that makes you happy. Sit at home and wank and pay your taxes. That’s fine. 

But stop allowing this woman to hold onto any false hope or expectations of you. You’re being a selfish shit if you’re leaving her with any hope of you ever moving to be with her. You’re not gonna do it.
Not all but defiantly most, eh? 

There are 2.1 million content creators on Only Fans. They are not all women, they are not all American, and less than 20,000 of them make more than 50k a year.

In other words, barely 1% of the people on OF make their living on OF. 

This “woman” is a moron.
It’s been weeks. They are 22.

Please leave the “He’s just hurting, but you could save him!” bullshit at the door.
Only visits twice a year I think. And gets homesick after a week or two.

Doubt he has a key. She just has to block his number. Fingers crossed for her.
If he doesn’t have a problem being parentified like this, there is nothing you can do but accept and support his desired role in the family.
This is not meticulous. This is also not nearly as complicated or difficult as you’d like to pretend.

You don’t want to do it. That’s real simple. 

You’re stalling. You’re stalling because you’re basically comfortable with how things are currently and you’re waiting for her to be miserable enough to end it, and accept that you have no actual intention of living with her. 

It’s not okay. It’s not decision-making you’re describing. It’s been ten years. You’re firmly in place of refusing to make a decision.
You'll excuse me for being so clear about it, but:

Stop being a cowardly, selfish little shit and end it.

This is LDR is working for you, but not for her. It shouldn't be a battle. She shouldn't be begging you. It shouldn't be years of indecisiveness. Stop stalling. She ought to dump you, but you also ought to acknowledge the reality and ump her. 

End this because you acknowledge you are not offering her what she keeps on telling you she needs, and there is really no sign that is going to change at any point.
Then talk to her about what she's looking for and stop being a beligirant ass about it.

The way you describe handling the above is a really good way to find yourself shocked when your GF leaves you because 'she never even said anything!' She came looking to connect with you and share time and you shut her down and shut her out and basically told her to shove it.

That's not gonna get you anywhere, except eventually, you'll have all the time in the world for your hobbies 'cause she'll give up trying to reach you.
Take some initiative, make a plan, and spend some actual time with your GF.

Stop imagining that all the time you're 'not playing videos games' is time you're spending with her, or supporting the relationship. Chances are rather good that most of your time 'not playing video games' is filled up with normal tasks of living, not connecting with her.

Take on a bit of the mental labour, make a plan and spend some damn time together connecting as a couple. Ask her what makes her feel close and connected with you, and do that.

Your girlfriend told you she was feeling disconnected. Don't fight about video games and start making declarations like 'I'm allowed to have hobbies!'. That is how 12-year-old pick fights. Reconnect with your girlfriend.
A millionaire libertarian bemoaning the lack of free libraries and water fountains...
What you're saying is that you don't want to live with her.

Ten years, and you're not actually serious about building a life with her in Europe. You barely enjoy visiting her for a month. You don't actually want this, except when it's only in photos you can pick up or put down whenever it's convenient for you.

And that's fine, but stop stalling. 

Admit you don't see a path forward. You just like what you have. Let her decide if that is something she is willing to accept. It probably isn't, and you know that. That is why you haven't admitted it yet.
You're incompatible.

It's not more complicated than that. It's not a red flag. It's just not what you want.

It's perfectly healthy for men to not want to jump into bed. Lots of men aren't into hooking up.

It's been a damn week. Maybe he is seeing other women. That's called dating. Grow up.

Don't date anyone you don't to.

Also don't be such an insecure, sexist, idiot.
Why would you forgive someone who hasn't acknowledged wrongdoing and has done nothing to display any accountability or growth?

Talk to him about it. This is not resolved until he acknowledges the relationship almost ended, and can discuss better ways to handle his stress or crunch time in the future. 

If he thinks he did just fine, and the problem was only your expectations, then you shouldn't forgive and move forward with him.
Your GF is right. Set a clear amount between you too. It doesn't have to be 50% of her income, or even 40%, but it needs to be consistent.

She is absolutely sensible to want a clear, consistent expectation when it comes to her rent obligation. She's totally correct that not having a clear number, will likely lead to resentment and confusion for you both.

I know you're trying to be kind, but what your suggestion actually does is make her think about how much she can afford to give you in rent, everything single time she buys a coffee, or needs to buy new underwear. She'll be calculating what she can give nearly every day. She'll recalculate if she forgets to do the laundry one day, or may even if you two have a fight about going to visit family... So set a number. Let her work to that number. For most people, that is the easier way to budge.

Set a number that seems reasonable for the next year to you both, and revisit it in a year (or earlier) if her income changes drastically.
Yea. In Canada the requirements are gender neutral. (The Supreme Court of Canada has sort of indirectly ruled against sex-based standards for firefighters and put the onus on the employer to show a particular standard is actually necessary for firefighters of any gender to perform their jobs safely.) 

And woman are less than 5% of firefighters in Canada.
Walk away from him. Right away.

Either he actually believes these horrible things about you -- in which case you cannot date him.

Or he's using these accusations as a way to manipulate and shame you in fear, forcing you to be constantly proving yourself and validating and comforting him -- and that is abusive -- in which case you cannot date him.

He has told you he will not trust you.

He will not treat you with respect.

It's been just a few weeks and he's telling you, straight up, how he intends to treat you.

Get rid of him. Immediately. You deserve someone who can treat you with basic human respect and trust. This will get worse if you stay. It'll get worse fast.
You just say "Nah. Let's just say goodnight! Talk tomorrow."

And go live your life.

It is annoying and inconsiderate -- you're right to be upset -- but it's also human and suggests that you're on the phone together way too much. Calls shouldn't go on forever. They need to have natural ends. Adults have lives.

And this is a problem you may be able to solve yourself, by having a life and saying goodnight. 

Stop waiting or expecting. You've noticed the pattern. Talk about it, tell her if she really needs to go you're gonna consider the call done for the night and *that's just fine.*
Stop making assumptions about his motivation based on second hang gossip. Until he crosses the line with your BF there is not enough to report. The common friend needs to stop carrying water and courting drama. Tell this 'common friend' to either keep this shit to himself, or bring it to HR. It's not your problem to solve, it's just gossip and he's just stressing you out.

If you have questions that aren't being answered or topics that are not being covered in your training, document what you are missing and express your concerns to your trainer in a coherent way. This shouldn't be 'He doesn't tell me how I'm doing.'  -- cause it's his job to train you, not make you feel good about yourself -- it sound look more like 'I am not confident with X and Y tasks, and when I have asked for more time/focus on these I have not received any.' If he doesn't respond to these concerns, go above his head with them.
You are horrible people.

A is a monster. You're no better. Both of you are disgustingly drama-seeking and selfish and your fucking around with S's feelings. 

I hope S has the sense to never speak to either of you ever again. She was managing her own shit privately. Nothing you say S actually did was disrespectful to anyone, but you going on flirting with her and texting her behind As back sure as shit is disrespectful of them both. 

You and your GF tricked her for your own dramatic bullshit reasons. You entrapped her for no reason except your own validation and entertainment and you're still texting her now for your own selfish reasons. You're shit people. Be less shit.
No one is required to stay in a relationship with you. She's not required to talk to you about it, or try to work with you.

Once she wanted out, for any reasons, she was perfectly entitled to leave.

And most sane people wouldn't want to talk to you when you clearly felt 100% entitled to cheat -- as long as you were drunk enough -- and seem to feel no remorse or regret over any of your choices and are only really upset your ex was 'stubborn'.
*Many* consensual cues exist *prior* to any approach.

You've described some of those contextual and situational *declines to consent* yourself a few times now. 

This is not as hard as you're pretending it is, and you might want to ask yourself why you feel the need to keep digging this particular hole.
>we make assumptions and typically that assumption is pleasantries are perfectly fine and make a judgment call after that.

Yes. And *those assumptions* would fall under "situational and contextual cues of consent".

You keep on describing your personal ability to read those kinds of clues just fine. I'm not sure what you're confused about. Do you think I can't read the clues you can? Do you think consent has to be a verbal declaration or a written agreement for every human interaction?

You say you don't want to be argumentative but you seem to be taking a deliberately obtuse position when we do not actually disagree very much at all about how individuals should judge whether or not a person is consenting to conversation/interaction.
It's never "unfair" to ask for something that is important to you.

You're not "allowing" or "disallowing" him. You're not gonna tie him up and drag him in. So tell him No. You're not "telling" him to do anything. He doesn't get to put that on you, and make it your job or responsibility to tell him what to do. You're not his Mommy or his prison warden. You're his partner, and you're telling him this is *important* to you.

You're asking him to prioritize your desire to have him join you at the event you both agreed to attend. It's on him to communicate to you if this is a compromise he is capable of making. And if it isn't, he needs to say so clearly, and have to respect it.

It's okay to be disappointed in him if he chooses not to attend. It's not your job to be permanently cheerful just because he has a mental health struggle. You still get to have feels. And it's not okay to take on the role of making this choice for him -- that is not a fair position for him to put you in and a role you must always reject. He is responsible for his needs and his choices.
>I totally 100% get cultural norms of certain places. I am much less likely to speak to a stranger say in a gym, or a hospital waiting room, than Walmart or a park.

Then you are actually placing a value on the other person's consent to speak with you.

>What about a person in the candy aisle looking at your favorite stuff, or I was at a bar and someone was looking over the menu and I mentioned what I thought was good.

Some cultures will find this more or less appropriate based on a lot of different factors, but in the end, if they ignore you or give you nothing but a quick nod, you shut up, right? If so, congratulations. You've just shown you value consent and will stop engaging another person when you don't receive any signals of it.

>do I now assume consent because she's "working" so now its ok because shes paid?

Yes! You do. You know that's how that works. That is contextually implied consent or situational consent. And if she said "Sorry. I'm on break." you would 100% immediately understand she meant she was declining to continue the conversation, right? Consent!
There are lots of assholes out there, but I disagree that they don't know or are bad at it. Most of them do know, and as a species, we're actually pretty good at it. The vast, vast majority of people can successfully read the cues and most abide by them. You're gonna remember the 10 who didn't, and not the 10,000 who did.

Human beings as a social species wouldn't exist or be nearly as dominant if we couldn't largely read these cues successfully. That is why neurodivergent is, well, *divergent.* Most *n*eurotypical people perform this shit on the regular. Most who don't are acting entitled for some reason, but are not confused.
I live my life aiming to have received implied or contextual cues of consent from literally every person I interact with for more than a split second, because why would I want to force other people to speak to me or accept my approach if they don't want too? What benefit do I receive from that? The level of consent required for 2 minute chat about the weather isn't the same as the level required for say, having anal sex, but consent is still in the mix.

Are you a prison guard? Because besides having a job with prisoners or infants, I cannot imagine saying I don't need consent from each and every human being I ever approach and speak to. I *want* that consent. If I don't receive it willingly, I'm going to stop approaching/speaking immediately.
Yeah. Just like they would do naturally, in literally every situation involving an individual who wasn't a woman they were expressing interest in. In literally every other context, you can watch the vast, vast majority of men 'judge the vibe' just fine.
I'm really sorry you're in this place OP, but you will be okay in the end. You really will. You're in the peak stage of grief right now, losing your home and your relationship at once, and in a particularly shitty way. Grief is a helluva a drug. No way through it except to go through it. 

Relationships carry this risk. You'll probably want to take the risk again someday, with someone else. But maybe you won't. And that's okay too. It'll still get better, either way.
Eh. Happens to the best of us. Just turn off reply notifications and give yourself a break. This too will pass.
>There are very reasonable situations in which you should be able to talk to anyone without them being pissed at you.

I think the thing many men fail to understand (and often, are choosing not to understand) is that even in those totally reasonable situations to approach someone, a woman may get spooked or seem put off for a moment. That doesn't mean you did anything wrong, or that she's frightened or angry!

It probably just means that being approached in public is a *generally negative* experience for her and she has her guard up. It's not a personal attack. She doesn't owe it to you to fall all over herself with gratitude or friendliness. It's okay that she has a life experience that has taught her to be careful of men who approach her in public. If she was a person you were close to, you'd probably want her to careful of strange men trying to get her attention in public...

So don't be such a damn snowflake cause a stranger you spoke to looked at you in a way that made you feel like anything less than Prince Charming. If you know you did a reasonable thing then it's not about you. Let it be not about you. Like you'd have no problem doing if you handed a man back something he dropped, and was a bit curt or something. Seesh.
Absolutely. The person replying to you knows, 100% knows, that the examples they are giving are not what you are talking about whatsoever. They are just being a little shit. They know. You know it. Sane people reading what you both wrote know it. Do not engage. It's a transparent attempt at baiting you into a totally different, totally stupid "debate".
You’re never gonna reach people who feel this entitled to a strangers time.

They act like they don’t understand, but they do. People make choices all the time to leave others alone when there are zero signals of wanting to engage. Watch men sitting side by side at a sports bar watch a game. Or male coworkers sitting down in a break room. They sus out in seconds who wants to speak, and who doesn’t.

They aren’t as stupid as they want us to believe.

They all know it's okay to return something someone dropped, or ask the time.

These ones just don’t want to do the tiny bit of work they do happily, every single day, with the human beings they see as equals: men.

When they feel entitled to women’s attention and “niceness”, no amount of logic can reach them.
S invited you. You're invited. Don't insert yourself into the situation between the two of them by speaking with U, or double-checking about U. S invited you. You're invited. Don't go seeking drama. 

If you're not able to attend because of the cost/timing/whatever, tell S you're sorry not to be able to join him on his big day, and send them both a nice congratulatory card.
Change the framing a bit and let him know that you are unhappy -- and that you have realized a breakup will happen, eventually, if he doesn't change his behaviour and choices. Maybe not tomorrow. Maybe not next week. But it IS going to happen. You cannot continue on as things are. 

Do not use the threat of a breakup as a manipulation tactic or a threat. Just let it be a reality about how you are feeling and what your concerns are.
You're not a bad person for having these thoughts.

But you need to manage them. He's 16. Teenagers are, by their very nature, selfish fuck ups. It's normal, and can even be a totally healthy developmental stage. That doesn't make what he did okay, but it does mean he should be carrying these labels from your narcissistic ex. 16-year-olds are not diagnosed with NPD or sociopathy by responsible doctors, for that very reason. 

Get yourself some professional help. Whatever your son situation, even if you don't like the adult he becomes, you'll want to know you were the best parent possible, and right now that means getting yourself some support for your own trauma and your patterns.
No.

Obviously not. It's already running into trouble. 

Look, you and he are entitled to take any risks you both choose to take personally and professionally, but you're asking if this is a good idea, and you already have some evidence, less than a month in, that it is probably not a great idea.
More context is definitely important.

In the end, you need to be able to trust and respect your partner's choice of friends.

That doesn't mean agreeing, or also being friends with them yourself, but it means respecting the choice is belongs solely to your partner. It's not your call. They get to pick who is their life. Your call, is whether or not you're going to be one of those people yourself. 

If your BF is making choices for himself that you cannot tolerate or respect, then don't date him.
If you're asking this question, probably not.

The problem here isn't just the sex. It's the communication. He hasn't told you what he values about intimacy, or about you. He doesn't appear to have considered speaking to a doctor. Although any reasonable human being could tell you're not happy, he hasn't considered change or making any conscious, *communicated* effort with you. He's locked you out on this subject, even though he is aware it's hurting you.

That's just not just the sex. It's not just *that aspect*. That is a carelessness and lack of compassion, not just in the sexual intimacy, but in the communication about it.
Why do you care that this "friend" keeps telling you he's not sexually interested in the way you dress?

Why have you not told him you're not trying to please him and other heterosexual men males, when you dress each morning for your job, and that his opinion is as unwelcome as it is unkind?

You address this by telling him if he cannot say anything kind, he shouldn't say anything at all. The lesson most of us first get taught in kindergarten. You further address this by no longer letting him "stick his wiener" in someone he doesn't treat with respect and compassion.

He's nearly 40 years old. If he needs more than one single, clear reminder not to insult the woman he's orgasming with, get the fuck rid of him.
Because you thought you're showing her the paper plan was a good one. If Henry Cavill did that to me and my workplace I'd still be uncomfortable with it. That is *shockingly* poor judgment and raises skepticism about everything else you've reported here.

But also because it sounds like you're a prospective student, which means you have fundamentally misunderstood the situation: She's a sales professional. A financial person at a university who meets with prospective students is performing a sales role. You're considering buying a product from her workplace. Of course, she's nice to you. Just like a woman who sells shoes or coffee would be nice to you.
You should not do this. This is a bad idea.

But since we all know you're going to anyways...

Do not lie. No one enjoys that and it risks appearing creepy and invasive. Don't "show her the paper". Simply leave her a sealed note addressed to her like a fricking normal person dropping off a damn note.

It is better if you are not physically present when she is reading the note. That is less pestering and coercive. Standing in front of her with that message is 100% not okay and it's concerning you felt it was. 

Also, don't do this. Nothing about this question suggests you have excellent judgment and have correctly understood the situation.
You reframe it as a break up, because that is what he’s offering. It’s not secure, it’s not practical, it’s not kind. 

Your soon to be ex, is treating you like a character, a secondary character, in his story. He is expressing to you that you’re not filling the role he’s assigned as happy and vibrant supporting female cast member one. He is declining to consider you as a full human being, or even one who might have her own adventures when he’s off on his. 

The fact this is unequal is the point of it for him. He’s not framing this as an agreement between equals, but as a story where he is the main character and whatever moves his narrative forward is the right thing.

If you agree, you will be in a slow motion break up for months, until you finally admit the intolerable thing is intolerable. Even if you made it through, he would come back to even more convinced of you’re not people. He is the main character, and you are the girlfriend in a few episode arch. He will continue to treat you as disposable like any bad writers room would.

Let it be a break up. Consider how much contact, if any, you want with him when he is your ex.
At seventeen, I would apologize and agree to honour her mothers boundaries — for another year or two. 

Moms get to be wrong. Teenagers know this. Right now, the biggest danger to your relationship with your niece is actually your sister cutting you off. Your niece will understand just fine if, the next time it comes up, you say “Look, your mother has asked me not to speak so openly with you, and for the next few years I’m going to honour that boundary unless you’re in danger or afraid? Are you? Nope, then do you have any older girlfriends you can ask?” 

Nothing about this conversation suggests your niece was in danger or at risk. Instead of teaching your niece about sex, teach her about being practical and making short term compromises to keep the peace…
You’re misunderstanding. I’m not saying you should always respond when anyone knocks. I’m saying you should provide as much positive reinforcement as possible when trying to build the desirable behaviour of knocking in someone who is resisting the boundary.

Most people won’t change if, from their experience of it, honouring the boundary catches them just as much shit as not honouring it. And it doesn’t matter if that experience is accurate or not.

Sister isn’t likely to think “I shouldn’t have opened the door” because she already doesn’t think that. She’s way more likely to think “I knocked twice and it was still a fight, so why bothering knocking?”
It's a big spectrum. Mostly, Purple Pill people seem to *imagine* they are moderates or neutral when it comes to the Red Pill / Blue Pill "debate". A lot of the same jargon, pseudoscience and gender-essentialism you'll find on Red Pill forums, but with less overt hatred of women. Mostly, I've found it to be good old fashion sexism, with a lot of "Boya will be boys, because of evolution!" and "All women are like that, because attention-seeking!"

There is definitely a lot of normal, "Well, everyone has challenges and modern life sucks in a lot of ways" but it's all done in a way that basically accepts the Red Pill fundamental framing.

Red-pillers would say Purple Pilled men know the truth but lack the courage to act on it. The rest of us normies would probably say Purple Pillers are being very weird to associate themselves at all with the Red/Blue Pill narratives and jargon, to embrace the shit science of the Red Pill, or to argue that people like Tate "have a few good points".
In other words, he knows how to control himself with others -- where there would be consequences for his shitty behaviour -- but feels entitled to treat you poorly and doesn't think there should be consequences when he does so. 

Like a person who has anger issues with their partner, but manages to hold down a job without every verbally abusing their boss or coworkers -- that person absolutely can *help it* \-- they just *want* to abuse their partner.
At least for a little while, I think giving her frequent positive reinforcement when she does knock is going to help you establish the boundary, and offer her more clarity (and fewer excuses!) when she violates it.

I understand it is what it is right now, but man this really sucks for her too. Definitely focus on ending this living situation. It just doesn't lend itself to a good dynamic between you two and while she was in the wrong in this case, you have to recognize that good behaviour can be harder for everyone to maintain in bad situations, and this is a bad situation for everyone. Everything about this set up suggests there is a hierarchy where you and your husband are more important and get more privileges than she does. It really sucks that she's acting out, but hell, a lot of people would have to express their unhappiness and hurt over this in some way.
I don't disagree with you, it's just that by not responding in that moment OP undermined her own boundary and missed an opportunity to reinforce the correct behaviour with a civil response to her sister. She wasn't napping or in the middle of something that shouldn't be interrupted, according to her, she just didn't wanna. And she would have been wise to make the effort to reward the behavior she wanted to see, even though she didn't wanna talk at that moment. 

When it comes to managing family members, being effective and giving positive reinforcement for the behaviour you want to see, is almost always better in the long-term than being *right*.
Sure. Sister was still in the wrong, but OP undermined her own boundary by not taking the opportunity to reinforce the correct behaviour (the knocking) with a civil response. 

When it comes to managing family members, being smart and effective, is almost always better than being "technically in the right".
Your boundaries are reasonable... but you're kinda glossing over the fact you and your husband *walk through her room* every time you need to get to yours and that the AC is in your room. That is *so inequitable*.

Might not be a great situation for anyone, but your sister got the shit end of the stick in this living arrangement. I'm not surprised she feels put on by being asked to abide by your boundaries around a door, when it doesn't sound like she has a door, and is basically living in the hallway you and your husband use... I have a bit more sympathy for someone who is acting like a child, when the living situation provides them with the level of privacy we'd give a toddler. 

Also, if you ask people to knock, you need to not ignore them when they do so. You need to provide some positive reinforcement and make it a common practice to reply positively when someone engages in the behaviour you want them too.
Your ex-boyfriend is not required to speak with you.

It's not an excuse for anything: He doesn't want to talk to you.

He shouldn't want to talk to you. He is probably hoping to never see you again. You're terrible. It was only two weeks, and you were totally unhinged and terrible to him. 

Most people don't want to speak to people who throw things at them and are verbally abusive.

You don't get second chances. You're not entitled to them. You don't even deserve a chance to apologize. You just have to be less shitty in the future and accept the consequences for the shitty you were this time.
We have much stronger evidence of Andrew Tate's misogyny besides his *preferences* when it comes to human trafficking victim selection.
It's one thing to want downtime, it's another completely to attempt to banish your partner from a shared home.

Tell him No. There are problems to resolve, but this isn't a solution. This is a toxic and controlling approach. You'll make plans with friends for a dinner or a movie so he can have some interrupted time with other, but you will be sleeping in your own home. The home you share. 

If he needs to sleep separately, he can go see his family. Not kick you out.
Young men are being irreparably harmed by patriarchal power structures and compulsory service... and that's a good thing? Because they get rewarded with access to women who will tolerate their PTSD and alcoholism? If they don't die young?

Did I understand that correctly? This is the pro-men position? A return to "Let the powerful old men crush your spirit and body to build their own wealth, but hey maybe you'll get laid"?
I would tell my father I've been seeing someone for X length of time and that it is a serious and important relationship for me. I'd tell him that this relationship is my choice and that will need to be respected, but that I love him and value his opinions. I'd ask him his thoughts, and if he has any questions. I'd be clear I'm not really asking for his permission or blessing, but I am asking him to be an important part of my *actual life*, not just the life he'd rather imagine that I have. 

If he is disappointed, or angry, those responses aren't going to go away the longer you wait. They are going to fester and become more engrained and extreme. The sooner you act like a young adult making a valid young adult choice, the sooner he will be able to accept that reality.
I didn't say difficult. I said untenable. That means intolerable, unbearable, not able to be maintained. You don't just need to *empathize* with that. Empathy is not a sufficient addressing of the real issue here. You need to respect that reality, and realize you are approaching what may be a dealbreaker if you cannot change on a timeline he finds tolerable. 

You're being extremely naive to believe your father will not experience your current behaviour as dishonesty. The longer you avoid this -- and you are absolutely avoiding this, not managing it -- the more anxiety and distrust you are generating all around. Most people, in your father's position, will be less inclined to trust and respect your judgment if they feel they have been misled, iced out, or otherwise played for the fool.
I understand why you made the call you did at 6 am.

But the situation is becoming untenable for your BF, and that is reasonable. 

You need to speak with your father. This isn't going to get easier the longer you leave it. It's only going to further damage your relationships with everyone involved. 

You're not respecting anyone's traditions by lying. The balance you have right now, is not the right balance.
You need legal advice at this point.

This isn't a relationship question anymore, it's a question of when you can legally require him to vacate and what steps you need to take to enforce the agreement that you are keeping the house, and he is leaving it.
That's not just a lack of emotional support, that is a lack of basic consideration for another human being. That's not just not showing up as a partner. He's not even showing up *as a friend*. 

My work-friends show me more compassion than your partner shows you.
This is not likely to be solved by suggestions and boundaries.

He's doing what works for him. This isn't an accident. This is the relationship he wants to be in and how he wants it to work. 

Which means the solution is leaving him. Not being in the relationship he wants with him.

Regardless of what you choose, get some therapy and support to work on your trauma and people-pleasing ways, so you don't get trapped in one of these dynamics in the future. This will not be as simple as coming up with one or two boundaries. It'll be a long-term challenge and you'll need some ongoing advice and support.
>I am partially to be credited for the fact that he will soon be in line for a promotion to a leadership role. I want nothing but good things for him.

Then you're not really working as equals, are you?

You need to nip this in the bud. You shouldn't be entertaining his inappropriate behavior, or your own irrational fantasies.
You do nothing. You take a step back from a man who is not romantically or emotionally stable, is currently in a relationship, is terribly over-sharing in the workplace, who is a pretty direct danger to your promotion and paycheque, and who you have an inappropriate level of authority and influence over in the workplace. 

I'm sorry, but really, give your head a shake and quit this fantasy life and justification-seeking. 

This is a tremendous risk you're workshopping inside your brain, for someone who is objectively a huge risk to you personally and professionally, even though *he still currently has a girlfriend*.

You need to take a huge step back. You've crossed lines inside your own head that shouldn't be crossed. Certainly not at this point.

Get a hobby or a Tinder profile and leave this dramafest alone.
You managed your anger here very poorly.

Don't matter if it was valid anger, you handled it poorly.

P may *also* be a racist shithead. Your BF *also* should have communicated with you about the planned visit. You probably should be broken up.

But despite your neutral language, your own poor choices still come through clearly.

Texting P directly was shit-stirring and drama-seeking behaviour. The problem was with your BFs communication with you, not with her. Texting her wasn't going to resolve it. Texting her, as a guest of your BF, behind his back was obviously counterproductive and just about as disrespectful of him as him not telling you she was coming. If you don't want a relationship with her, for the love of god don't text her passive-aggressive 'boundaries' you know are only going to cause more drama. And throwing things in anger is never acceptable behaviour. Ever. Full stop.

That doesn't mean your reasons for the breakup weren't valid, but it does mean you need to do better than this, with someone better.
You're right: It would be absolutely horrible to go through this. 

A random nonsense comment from your seven year child, who either misunderstood or is looking to get a rise out of you, is not the basis for a paternity test.
You said you’d walk, so walk.

You’re making this way more complicated than you need too. Stop enjoying the drama and sleuthing. It’s just letting yourself be dragged down. 

You know the outcome so go face the outcome with as much dignity and decency as you can.
Boundaries require personal reflection and context. We cannot give you a list of what you personally need to feel secure and happy in this relationship. Besides the big one obvious ones from kindergarten like, don’t punch people, you just have to do that work. 

If there are particular areas you need specific advice, ask for that.
You don’t “make him see”.

You tell him he is expected to behave with respect and that his negativity towards a pet is deeply concerning behaviour you will not be tolerating.

A persons jealousy of a pet is a major red flag.

You should be seriously questioning if this man helped you with boundaries with your friends or family, or if he simply isolated you from people who actually care for you so he could control you more efficiently.

In regards to the cat, as others have said a rotation of toys would probably be a good thing to try. You’ll spend a bit less and you may learn a bit more about what she really likes the most if you don’t keep the newness factor dialled up to 100 all the time.
It’s easy for things to start feeling like attacks when they don’t need to be, but be wary of someone who decides to treat _everything_ like an attack because they want that excuse to ignore you. 

It’s not unreasonable to ask a grown man to mind his Ps and Qs.
You know the answer. Please consider this one more internet random telling you what you already know perfectly well. This man is not reliable and will cheat on you (If he hasn’t already).
“I’d like you to say hello, please and thank you to service staff when we’re out together. It’s making me uncomfortable and embarrassed to be near you when you treat them so impolitely.”

This isn’t a conversation about how you two were raised. This is a conversation about what you need in a relationship to feel happy and secure and respected. 

He _should be sorry_ to embarrass you and make you (and the staff) uncomfortable. The correct response to that childishness bullshit whinging is “Thank you. I’m glad you care about my feelings. Here is the easy fix, and the expectation moving forward.”
Nope. That’s the assumption you’re making about his motivation. 

He didn’t say he didn’t bring it up because it wasn’t important, or he didn’t even think of it, he claimed he lied to her to “protect her”.
He wants a maid and a chef and porn star, who can never choose to service anyone but him, but not one he has to pay. He wants all that service in exchange for his lovely company I guess, because of course he wouldn’t date a lazy women who doesn’t work!
The pattern here is his resentment.
Yes. Not dating her would have been a valid choice for him.

Continuing to attack her for years about this whenever he gets pissed off aboth something else, is absolutely not a valid choice.

Something being *kinda difficult* doesn't justify whatever other behaviour someone engages in. This guy is not behaving in a way OP is required to find acceptable. She does not need to go on choosing him, and if she is going too, she can absolutely be clear about what treatment she is willing to accept moving forward.
You mean another situation where he found an excuse to wield those insecurities like weapons? And we know he will continue to do so, each time he's pissed with her about something else, for years?

That's a hard pass from me.

OP's BF shouldn't continue to date her if he couldn't moderate his emotions better than this, and OP shouldn't date him if he doesn't commit to and begin to moderate his emotions better than this.
Sex five years ago isn't the least bit important to me.

Having it withheld from me when the past partner is currently in both of our lives, because my partner thought I have the emotional skills of a jealous 12 year old, would be very important.
This woman is currently in both of their lives and the connection has been growing.

It shouldn't have been omitted.

That is not an exhaustive reckoning. That is relevant today.

And I don't know where you're getting he didn't disparage her, cause he clearly did. More than just once. Including the part where he decided for her that basic truths would just be *too distressing* for her to handle.
If someone is still currently an important and valuable friend in your life, you should be willing to provide your partner with the basic context for that, including a past sexual relationship. 

That's not an entire dossier. That's just not purposefully leaving your partner in the dark about current realities and relationships.
Lies of omission are lies.

And while OP may be unhappy now, she didn't tell him years ago "Please never tell me if you've had sex with your friends. I don't want to know." Without that explicit rule in place, he absolutely should have done so. That is how a reasonable, respectful person behaves. Her feelings of discomfort now, don't validate his past treatment of her.

He treated her like a child who couldn't handle it, and worse, he made that treatment public. He cast her as an immature fool who cannot handle basic reality in front of his close friends and created the risk of even greater confusion and embarrassment for her.

This should have been discussed and addressed a long time ago, with respect and transparency. He didn't do that. It should have been a non-issue, a thing you talk about and move past easily. He made it an issue when it didn't have to be by treating OP this way. He done fucked up and now it's worse than it needed to be.
You're not.

If you're willing to look past this behavior you need to be clear with him:

It is not acceptable for him to try to protect you, or manage you, by lying to you.

You're not a child who needs to be protected from PG-13 content. You're an adult worthy of respect and honesty and you're his partner, not his child. If something upsets you, that is valid and it is something you and he may need to address. If he continues to lie to you because he thinks you're "too sensitive" this relationship will not, and should not, survive.

Do not date someone who trying to manage you by lying to you or withholding information you both know damn well you'd prefer to have.
>this scenario comes up sporadically when he’s mad at me.

So he's *still* punishing you for something you *didn't do* wrong two years ago, and now he's inventing new things to punish you for from your Miami trip, that you also *didn't do*.

Yuck.
The way you addressed only one very specific part of what I said to you leaves me suspecting you have an ongoing issue of not addressing your partner's bids for connection and quality time with any real empathy.

You know you were right to stand up for your needs here and she's allowed to be disappointed or annoyed, but how you describe communicating here leaves a lot of room for improvement and empathy from you both.
Your GF experienced this as a personal rejection and nothing you did to express yourself softened that blow. 

It was right to stick up for your needs. That's not unreasonable, but if the tone of this question is the tone you used to express those needs to your GF, I'm not surprised communication went downhill. This tone is very harsh and unkind. 

Do you regularly end up in these sorts of conflicts? Did you consider another way to spend some focused time together in the short-term, not just kicking it back one or two weeks? 

Your GF made a bid for connection and attention, and while your desires for down time it totally reasonable, your headed down a bad path here with how you express yourself.
So much this. I feel like this is one of those spots where you can tell this show is being made through a lens of a lot of hetero producers for a largely straight audience. From that perspective, Vanessa is the hot commodity, the kind of exciting, extroverted fem pansexual that many straight men idolize. But in queer circles, the Vanessas are relatively common, and people like Natasha (and Xander) are the one-in-a-million catch of a lifetime.
Choosing a tactic, is showing intent. Aussie has shown some very, very clear tactics. 

She might not be fully conscious or willfully doing harm. It might not be *malicious*, but it absolutely tactical. These are tactics of emotional abuse and control that Aussie has used to get her way.

I get not wanting to label the person, but we can label the actions just fine. The actions are abuse.
This is some petty ass shit. Stop stewing. 

She doesn’t have to be your bestie. It’s okay if she doesn’t like you much. That is for your ex to address if it ever needs addressing, but there is nothing here that suggests it does. 

As long as your children’s needs are met when they are with their father, let it go.
You know.

You know he used access to a former clients personal information at his workplace to drop by her private home. You know that’s an offence that should probably get a person fired.

He’s not a poor little confused child. He is a damn adult and he knows. He knows that you know. He knows that’s not nice. You know it’s not nice. He’s not a nice guy. 

He’s lying to you. You’ll never know the full truth, but the truth you do know means at least this: His judgement is terrible. He cannot be trusted as a safe partner. This isn’t a person you can built a life with. The best case scenario here is that he is so stupid that’s he cannot be relied on to stay employed. That’s the _best case_.
There are definitely more than 102 signs…
This. Mildred is imperfect and has some work to do, but I take her tendency to interrupt and confront over passive aggression and weaponizing triggers any day. 

We saw two totally different approaches to “managing” Aussie and I think neither of them worked, but Mildred’s “not worked” faster. That’s a win in my book.
This is abusive. Feederism fetishes frequently are. This is one of those fetishes that many people do not engage with ethically. This is abuse. 

I'm amazingly (frighteningly) kink-positive to a degree that would make most people squirm, but I'd avoid someone who embraced active and frequent feederism in real life. The chances of them engaging with it in respectful, consensual and safe ways are just kinda slim. 

Feederism is rarely about body-positivity almost always about *exerting control.* Limiting the larger person's ability to move and act independently. It's about phsyical dependence and societal rejection. You want to move better and feel better in your own body. That is probably in direct opposition to what he finds sexually exciting. He most likely wants you to be restricted and limited by your size. 

He has told you, and shown you, that he really will not tolerate any movement towards body independence. And that is abusive. 

He may also have trauma, but this is not trauma. This is him seeking an abusive degree of control over you, and calling it kink. He is not behaving ethically. You do not need to protect his feelings. You need to tell him he's entirely out of line, and if he cannot cope with that he needs to get his ass to a therapist to relearn some of the basics about respect and consent.
She's still enmeshed with her abuser.

Two to three times a week is excessive. She knows it. He knows it. You know it. 

She's not emotionally available for a new relationship at this point. Do with that what you will.
You don't have to be friends with anyone you don't want to be friends with.

Stop trying to read her mind or invent "reasons" for her actions. You'll never really know. Just be honest if it situation isn't working, and if you'd like to end it. You don't need to assumptions about her motivations. What you know about her actions is plenty enough to inform a decision.
It's a large gap. It would be extremely naive to assume it wouldn't cause issues.

That's not about socially acceptable, and it has nothing to do with your appearance. It has to do with practical matters of life stages, relative power to make choices and take important life steps, and compatible short and long-term goals.

You don't need to take everyone's opinion to heart, but you do need to realize they are not being insane. People who care for you, are going to be concerned for you. At a glance, there are some valid concerns here.

You might feel you just fell into this relationship naturally, but I assure you that people who are 40 don't *accidentally* date people 12 years younger than them. Women who are over 40 know this about men over 40, and not cause they are bitter -- it's just cause they were 20-somethings once too, and they have eyes attached to brains which can notice patterns. Older people who accept or seek out age gaps like this have made a choice, and there are often -- not always, but *very often* \-- problematic motivations for that choice.
You say No.

You just say "No. That isn't healthy for me. I'm sorry it makes you sad, but I cannot compromise on this. This is my health and I need to take it seriously. I need you to respect that."

She has a *wish*. You have a physical health *need*. A need trumps a wish. That is how healthy compromises are supposed to work between people who care for one another.

Book one or two meals a week that are "together" and offer to cook for you both at those times, but be clear: She is choosing her feelings over your health, and you cannot agree to that. You cannot keep yourself physically sick, to make her feel happier every day. That's fucked up! You need her to manage her feelings, so you are free to manage your diet. You need that in a partner right now, and that is valid. If she cannot manage that for you, then she's not being a very good partner right now and frankly, she should speak to a counsellor about how to manage those feelings herself. They are not rational, fair or kind.

I'd be seriously concerned if I were you, that your partner is trying to sabotage your health plans.
Yeah. It's best not to listen too closely to someone's "reasons" for not being interested. Most people don't really know what they want. They are most often bullshit they are just saying to protect their own ego or avoid responsibility/accountability.  

Please recognize you might have saved yourself a bit of suffering if you'd had that tough conversation a few weeks earlier, before the hookups became a bad habit.
That's understandable. You've got some work to unpack that bullshit.

You and this particular guy may not be compatible -- it's been a few months, and most people aren't! -- but if that turns out to be the case, it's probably *not* because of his education level.

You need to stop giving in to your family's bad habit of attributing everything about a person to the letters behind their name. Don't frame it that way. Thnk about behaviours and choices and your own actual feelings about your relationship. 

Hell, to be entirely honest, I now avoid dating PhDs unless they can take the shit outta themselves and the whole academic pyramid scheme. I have some great friends who are tenured, but know far more professors I'd never want to have to share a meal with...
Don't try to make friends on dating apps. The risk of exactly this sort of confusion is high. 

After a few months of dating, one or both people will decide it isn't really working. 

That is totally normal. 

Most people you ever date will fizzle out in about that timeframe. That's dating. That's life. 

He just wasn't that interested. It was rather immature of him to try to make it 'your fault', but it's okay for him to not be interested.

If he was interested, he would have done the work to communicate and alter the way he saw the connection. He didn't. Because he wasn't. 

You didn't do anything terribly wrong. You were honest. He probably was largely honest as well, but also a bit cowardly and immature about it and unwilling to just speak to his own wishes/needs without finding a way to try to turn it around you. It's unlikely he actively set out to use you. Just set out to do what felt good for him.
It's three months in and you're already worried that you're *currently* bored by him.

Quite honestly, you sound a bit immature, and hopefully, you'll grow and realize that being an academic or having an advanced degree doesn't make you a good conversationalist or even a particularly smart person. Those are utterly separate skill sets from what makes a successful academic.

Some real numbskulls can plow through a PhD defence, and they do. Being an academic means being a highly-focused and specialized learner on a very narrow subject. It's an amazing and laudable skill that is necessary to advance human society, but it often makes for shitty, condescending conversationalists who think being really informed about one subject, means they have any brains at all when it comes to others.

This right now is a question of compatibility and respect. It's three months in and you lack some important respect, and you are questioning your compatibility. Those are concerns worth listening to about this specific individual, even if your generalizations about academia and advanced degrees are off the mark.
If this is a core belief for you, you'd be wise to build your life around it.

Move to a highly religious area. Throw your time and effort and energy into that religious community or church. 

Frankly, it sounds like you have set yourself up for isolation and disappointment and will reject any advice that might move you out of that sort of space, but the only reasonable advice to give you is to tell you that even if you choose to never have sex (and you are, absolutely, choosing that. It's not been forced on you in any way) you do need community and purpose. You'd be wise to go find that community in a highly religious environment that respects your choices regarding interactions with men.
It doesn't sound like you're safe at home with your husband right now.

This would be a situation where I'd take the baby and ask if my parents would take us in. Give him some very clear instructions about when and how he is able to visit (ie, in a few days, for a few hours, only while sober). Decline to speak to him privately until you feel prepared to do so. Do not let him rush you, or pressure you. Stay where you feel safe. 

Your priority right now is the physical safety of you and your newborn. You are not physically safe with someone who is treating you that way. Be very careful. Get some physical distance. Be clear with your husband the standards of behaviour that are expected and don't budge. Don't accept less than what that child deserves and that child deserve a mother who is safe and respected as well.
I'd dump you for that.

That is a massive violation.

Your GF heard you out and listened to your opinion, and she told you she'd reinforce boundaries the next time they were crossed. She told you, directly, not to get involved. And then you did anyways. That was a breach of he trust, and it was also degrading and demeaning and embarrassing. Her friend (friends, probably by now not just him) now all know that she has a controlling and suspicious boyfriend who doesn't trust her, and goes behind her back to treat her like a badly behaving six-year-old. I'd be so offended and ashamed if my partner did that, I don't think I'd continue with them.

The first thing you do is admit you were 100% in the wrong here. It's fine to be concerned and ask questions of her, but it was 100% wrong to contact him behind her back and against her wishes. You apologize for not respecting her, trusting her, and for doing precisely what she clearly told you not to do.

If you really don't trust her, don't date her, but never pull this shit again.
You'd be wise to speak to a therapist or counsellor (especially one with a family practice) and consider what kind of role you want to have in the children's lives. That is going to depend a lot on their ages as well as their individual personalities, and it also needs to include what kind of contact with your ex is possible, and healthy for you.

I think maintaining some long-term, committed "cool uncle" status would be admirable and probably bring some stability to the kids' lives. Continuing to be "Dad" in any real way, would be more likely to be confusing, or even dishonest. The relationship needs to be downgraded, but I'd hope you'd be willing not to end it completely, if the children value occasional (but predictable and reliable) contact with you.
Say No.

He cannot afford it. You cannot afford it together. The answer is no.

If you say yes, you will be 'married by mortgage'. This is way more serious than walking down the aisle. So if you're not ready to do that, you absolutely should not be doing this.

This is a stupid risk. You are not supporting him in this for the same reason you wouldn't "support him" if he wanted to go hang gliding on a frame made of silly putty. 

Keeping an open mind doesn't mean letting your brain fall right out. 

He can either find a way to buy/built equity with his $240k, or he can wait until you both are prepared for this step.
Tell her that you are concerned about remaining in a relationship where your GF calls you a liar, and refuses to trust you or respect you when you tell her something important about how you feel.

It's okay to ask for reassurance at times. We all need that from our partners. But the way she is seeking reassurance from you is not respectful or kind. She needs to find other ways to ask for whatever it is she needs, and she has to respect your answers when you give them. 

You're not being unreasonable. Do not stay in a relationship with someone who is constantly accusing you of lying to them.
We both knew that was the outcome no matter what I did, but it is pretty funny, isn't it?

&#x200B;

She says "Over the last few decades, more and more women have found that partnering with men is not a good deal for them and costs them more in effort, money or overall happiness than remaining single. The data backs it up and it is a much more clear, and longer-term trend than MGTOW or the rise of the manosphere."

He says "Prove it."

She says "I have judged this not to be worth that additional labour from me, but good luck in your research. Here are a few pointers. The data is out there and I am confident in my understanding of it."

He says "I just knew she was full of shit."
I don’t believe you.

If I’d have believed you were sincere, I would have cited my sources. But I actively choose not to do that labor based on how you decided to respond to those who did. 

An honest bit of Googling is your friend if you are sincere about looking into the comparative happiness, health or wealth of single and partnered people, woman and men. The apps don’t love to give current data on the decreasing number of woman users because it undermines their marketing case to men, but it can be found (especially if you search for impacts of the overturn of roe vs wade on these apps). If you are sincere about putting forth that effort, I wish you luck, but I have a job that pays me to do this sort of work and I’m disinclined to do it right now, here, for free.
You’re repeating propaganda, not data.

Women have been increasingly leaving the dating pool for decades, especially women who are divorced, widowed or have children. Whereas men in those situations are more likely to be highly motivated to find a new partner. 

Dating apps are imperfect places for information, but even they are quietly reporting women “quiet quitting” dating in droves, and the women to men ratio on the apps are getting worse and worse — and the normal ratio was already pretty bad. 

Being partnered is still, by in large, a better deal for a straight man than a straight women. Generally speaking men gain support, wealth, health and happiness, and generally speaking, women loose those things. 

Are there men who are giving up on dating? Sure are. In comparable numbers to women? No. That isn’t what decades of data tells us. The men who are quitting are just far louder about it, and louder about what they feel is wrong about the world that they cannot access sex and service, from women, because partnership is so much less likely to enrich women’s lives sufficiently for them to pay the price. Men risk dating a bad individual. Women risk that, plus the risk that dating even “one of the good ones” will still leave them more worn out and more poor than they were before.
You and your mother need to manage your anxieties and curiosities. Coming up with half baked theories online is not a good way to do that.

If you want to express support, actual support, and not just morbid curiosity, then do that. But your sister ended contact — and it’s strange and a bit suspicious you just ignore any reasons for that — that needs to be respected.
I’m glad you’re getting support. 

Don’t stay in this relationship if it’s not supporting your health and happiness.
You need a therapist, not a boyfriend.

You’ve struggled to draw your own personal boundaries with this guy and his questions. That was largely behaviour you should have been able to shut down yourself without needing anything but more passive support from your BF. And while we all may experience some anxiety when a partners friends doesn’t seem to like us, the extreme you’ve found yourself in is not healthy for anyone. 

It doesn’t seem like this relationship is working for you in some other key ways as well. Stop martyring yourself and get some treatment for your anxiety so you can handle things better with someone better.
Keep working with your therapist.

Don’t connect with your ex at all.

You’re really not being rational about this. I understand it’s hurtful, but your best path towards healing doesn’t including confronting her or challenging her narrative. That’s literally the worst thing you can do, both for your own sanity, and for the risk of escalating bad behaviour.
I understand this is really upsetting, but you need to realize this was the best possible outcome. 

She overplayed her hand with people who knew you well enough to know she was lying. Nothing was going to stop her from doing this. It was actually pretty predictable if you’re totally honest with yourself and neither you or your friends had the power to shut her up. Shitty people do shitty things and most of those things are totally legal. But she didn’t receive positive reinforcement for her behaviour. That’s the best thing that could have happened to discourage her from continuing that game. Make it boring. Don’t let this game of lies provide any drama or validation or supply. There is no other strategy for you. 

Give your friends some more grace, while they may have made mistakes they were probably sincerely trying to protect you from information you couldn’t handle in a healthy way — and they weren’t wrong. Even now you’re struggling to manage this information practically. Keep up with the therapy, and if you need boundaries with your friends when it comes to your ex, ask for those boundaries clearly.
I’m concerned what you think “putting yourself out there” entails that it will inevitably lead to accusations of criminal behaviour.
This is not about looking. Human beings notice other human beings bodies. That is not what he’s up too. 

Your BF is taking steps to cheat on you. That’s not a “guy thing”. That’s a cheater thing. He’s trying to coerce you into accepting him having sexual contact, or just straight up sex, with others. 

Get rid of him. 

Shopping for sex workers has nothing to do with checking out attractive people at the beach or gym. That like arguing that everyone snores in their sleep and you have to learn to put up with it, and then punching you a few times while you’re asleep and saying it’s totally the same thing and you should just put up with it. It’s not the same thing.
I am sorry I misunderstood that being a conversation in front of him… but seriously, you still have to start with an apology. 

“Drop it” doesn’t mean “Go have a deep, heartfelt discussion with my Dad, which includes the private conversations taking place in our marriage, where we both know you think I’m wrong.” 

You can disagree with your wife privately, but you cannot talk about her behind her back (especially not with a parent) and expect her to feel okay about it. No matter how wrong she is, that choice from you is going to damage your marriage.
The first thing you do is stop taking sides, stop scolding her and stop telling her what she owes her wonderful father. She currently does not wish to revisit the topic. It would be sensible and respectful for everyone to accept that for the next 48 hours. 

She asked you to stay out of it, and you immediately turned around and told her father exactly what you had said to her. That was absolutely an act of side-taking, and then you come back in and, in front of her father, insulted her. That made you an unsafe person for your wife to come to with vulnerable or fraught feelings. 

After the visit, begin with an apology. You did poorly. Then you can discuss how you were surprised by the amount of pain and anger she was carrying towards her father — not because she’s wrong, but because you were ignorant of it and unaware she had those feelings towards him — and suggest she deserves, and would benefit from, unpacking those feelings with a pro.

If she doesn’t want too, than she doesn’t, and you let these other adults sort it out. Your assumptions about how she should feel or behave are not going to be helpful, unless your opinion is asked for.
What needs to be addressed here?

It’s weirder to me that you’re fixating on this as if it’s a problem, then it would be even if your perception was accurate. 

She’s not vague posting or putting anyone on blast… I eat more take out when my partner and I fight. If he ever tried to “address that” I’d tell him to get bent and order a pizza.

If you cannot handle this, date someone your own age and/or someone with a fundamentally different relationship with social media.
It didn’t read callous to me.

Wrong to do it front of the cameras? Sure, but we wouldn’t have reality TV at all without that error in judgment.

My Dad would give me that kind of straight talk and I love him for it. He calls me on my shit, and as I grow up, I call him on his.
The layers to her is that she isn’t actually a very smart or clever manipulator. She’s tossing wet noddles at the wall to see what sticks. She’ll grovel one day and be back to “Fuck off” the next. There is only what she wants in the moment. 

We assume people like Vanessa are brilliant and Machiavellian and making dastardly moves, looking ten steps ahead. She’s not. She reactive and performative. She’s willful, not intelligent. I can empathize with her when she is hurt, but it doesn’t change the fact that everyone on this show (or watching this show) has been given plenty of reasons to just not engage with her.

Sometimes, when you treat an entire group of people as poorly as Vanessa has treated so many of the people in this group, you don’t get to come back from it. You’re not entitled to a second chance. Sometimes you’re just out, if it weren’t for the show, everyone except maybe Xander would cut her out for good and that’d be valid IMO.
This. This is my only read. I feel like I’m in the twilight zone reading the OP. 

Xander screams “baby gay” to me. She’s immature because, yes, lots of people who come out later in life are missing some core relationships skills and go through a second adolescence. But Xander is inexperienced, not malicious. 

Vanessa is _terrifying_ and it’s not the fucking edit. It’s 9 sentences out of 10 that come from her mouth scream abuser.
Internalized misogyny is a beast. 

Some women being shitty to other women means women are human, not that shitty men are correct about all women.
Your friend is deeply emotionally immature. This kind of toxic dynamic was always a risk, and you cannot fix him. 

Tell him whatever the fuck you’d like about your concerns, but don’t lie to yourself: Your friend is nearly 40 and he’s picking this. He’s that kinda guy.

The only thing you can really speak to is the boundaries you want in the shared space. Steve is gonna need to figure this out on his own.
Men know other men are dangerous.

Most men think other men should be dangerous, or are incapable of not being dangerous. 

And then blame woman for acting on this knowledge and choosing any strategy for safety that doesn’t include having sex with him.
Like, even if this was remotely true, wouldn’t the obvious issue be that wealthy and affluent man are hoarding 70% of young woman?

And yet you want to return to a strict patriarchy, where wealthy and affluent men would have the full power of the state backing them up as they hoard access to women.

If you want women to be a commodity, an object, or a slave, you whiners end up not being able to afford one. Either that, or you’re a commie.
It seems there are much more serious problems here if you think this is how you need to be compensated for sticking by him, and are feeling this insecure about how much he values you…

I think you should both talk more openly about other expenses and savings goals, and if you’re going into this marriage with a “now you owe me” attitude, that is something to resolve with a counsellor first. That is gonna suck for you both.

Want what you want. Have your preferences. It is your _reasons_ here that are concerning.
Even if he wants to keep this friendship, it’s the boys who need to be doing the damn work at this point. I don’t know why OP is so set on managing them as if they are kindergarteners in her classroom.
You’ve asked this before and the response remains the same:

You can’t fix it.

It’s not yours to fix.

 This is who this “best friend” is. It’s your BFs job to address it at this point. Declining invitations is one way to address it.

And as long as your BF keeps this person in his life, this is a pattern that is likely to repeat from time to time. 

Stop taking so much on yourself. You’ve apologized. You’re open to being around them. That’s all the fixing you can do. You cannot control other people.
The 1987 "Survey of Youth in Custody" found that 70% did not grow up with both parents. 

Internationally, there is no question that children raised in single parent homes are more likely to offend. But so are children raised with step-parents. Or with exposure to violent neighbourhood crime. 

This is just scapegoating women who parent. And the fact he takes aim at the more educated ones is particularly absurd. 

Like you said: This is about poverty. Not the bad woman who decided poverty was better than partnership, or had the misfortune of having a child with a man who choose to walk away.
He gets _so close_ to realizing poverty is the problem and that “toxic masculinity” is behind a hell of a lot of these single mothers. 

So close. It’s right there ready to bite him, but he cannot manage it. Must be the women’s fault, the educated ones who actively choose separation. Whose usually equally affluent partners are actually most likely to remain present co-parents to some degree. The ones whose children are least likely to experience poverty and the risks associated with lower socioeconomic status.

It’s their fault. Not the men who walked away from women who who were much less well equipped to survive. Not the men who made poverty look that much better than marriage. Never the men.
I have not yet met the woman who confuses herself with a small number of bird species…
So he uses irrational emotional outbursts to silence your legitimate concerns, and uses one long ago mistake you made, to justify his ongoing poor treatment of you?

Yeah, OP, you’re being emotionally abused.
The three things you describe there are the very positive characteristics of my brother. 

He is 17.
This isn't entitlement to money.

This is entitlement to respect and transparency.

Respect would have been a transparent conversation early on. At the very beginning, offering clarity that this was a shared plan, not a gift and that the expectation was they would split expenses.

Respect is not one person (especially not the much higher earner) declaring that all things shall be 50/50 henceforth after the plans are already set in motion.

He didn't *request* financial equity.

He tried to enforce it over $100 so he can feel justified when he enforces it next time on $10,000, again without any transparent and respectful conversation. He tried to coerce her into an agreement he could lean on in the future as an absolute. He tried to bully her into proving she was a not a Golddigger, but we all know he's probably going to keep treating her as if she is one, even if she pays up. Not okay.
> or at least ask his partner’s budget before picking a hotel for a trip HE suggested.

Exactly this.

This guy is treating OP like a golddigger and choosing to test her over $100. 

OP has 100% understood the situation correctly and should simply decline to go further with someone who is functioning on the assumption she's using him for his money. Nothing she does will EVER prove otherwise to the sort of man who would test like this, instead of talking about at the very beginning of the planning like an actual adult.
It's not about the money, or even the income.

It's about someone *declaring* th*e only fair way to split costs* is 50/50.

No discussion. No invitation. No question of the budget prior to the plans going forward. Just the presentation of a bill. Two months in, this is unacceptable. This is not 'best behaviour'.

I prefer to split things 50/50, generally speaking, but I will not date a person who declares it the *only possible way to operate*, especially not if there is a large discrepancy in resources. I have been in situations before with higher-earner partners who pressured me to 'keep up' with spending because it was *only fair*. I have also been the higher earner, so I have always been extremely clear with what is a gift and what is an expectation at the very beginning of any plans. Otherwise, it's not fair. It is not kind. It's not a respectful way to discuss expenses, and I don't want to be in a relationship that involves this sort of nickel-and-diming. I've been there. It sucks.

It is a small bill today, because it is a test. It's a test to see if he can pressure her into paying without a transparent and respectful conversation about budget or expectations.

He's trying to create an agreement that 50/50 is the only way to go, so he can enforce that in the future. It's not an okay way in my book, to approach this conversation, even if splitting this particular expense makes total sense. 

He's testing OP is a really shitty way, and OP should feel free to 'fail' and look for someone who communicates transparently and respectfully. This guy has communicated that he will probably always view her as a golddigger, no matter how she behaves. Get rid of him.
I wouldn't date someone who made 5x what I did, and felt that 50/50 was the *only fair way* to handle costs. That is going to lead to complete financial ruin for the lower-earner partner. 

You know he's testing you. 

You know he's the one who just failed. 

Don't get into a debate with him. Just let him know you've decided against continuing with him. Block him when he doesn't exhibit grace and respect.
You walk away.

She's been very clear. You need to respect it.

You learn to manage your own emotions and stop trying to take ownership/save her from hers. 

Minimize your contact with her/the group until you are able to behave with respect.
"Someone has sent me a video of you during a party, and now I'm really concerned about your safety with the people you hang out with. I need to ask you some questions, so I can know you're safe now."

I'd say that. I'd have to.

It seems very obvious to me that whoever sent you this video intended to shame your BF and bully him further. The first thing you need to do is be clear it did not work. Your concern needs to be for his safety and your clear communication needs to be that nothing he does, no matter how drunk he gets, validates or excuses people treating him this way.

Do not be the tool of his bullies. Be clear that his safety from abusers is your only concern. If he says he is stays the fuck away from those people, tell him you're glad and you're proud of him. Ask if he wants to talk about it any further. Don't demand. The only answer *you need* is that he is currently safe from danger and abuse.
If it’s self-imposed then it’s not a rule/agreement with your partner. It’s a personal choice you would make for yourself with any partner. 

But to be entirely honest, as a bisexual woman I’d still probably avoid getting too deeply involved even if you swore up and down it was entirely personal and your partner didn’t even care, because it just reflects that common attitude that sex between women isn’t _real sex_.

You’re entitled to a personal choice, other people can have personal feelings about that choice.
Consigned. 

As a bisexual woman, this implies to me that any sex and connection I’m having with the woman is “lesser than” purely on the basis of my gender/genitals. 

A personal choice is fine and all — I have lived much of my adult life with only “one penis”, but it was never _a policy_ it was just who was in the mix at the time — and we cannot pretend these sorts of attitudes towards sex that doesn’t involve a penis exist in a magic little bubble. They exist in a context that I’d rather not operate in.
No. The mother would likely need to be extremely ill/malnourished to begin with in order to end a pregnancy this way with any reliability.

Two weeks of deprivation would be totally insufficient for most reasonably healthy adult women.
Young wolves become way more vocal, yipping and growling in ways that don’t appear to be very communicative, when the rest of the pack is ostracizing them for poor social graces or bullying behaviours.

But human beings aren’t wolves either.
Okay. That explains the problem more clearly, but you still need to stop trying to solve it for him.

Tell him the actual problem for you: He’s shown you a plan, but that plan is NOT happening. You are paying for him, but he is not being honest or accountable to you. He’s loosing your trust and your respect.

Stop trying to tell him how to solve it and trying to fix it for him. Put it back on him: He’s damaging the relationship, being dishonest with you, and being dependant on you financially. It’s not acceptable. It’s going to end the relationship. Maybe not tomorrow but eventually you will be happier and healthier without him, so you choose that. Any sane person would.

Don’t tell him exactly how to fix it. Remind him you’ve given him plenty of suggestions and you now expect him to fix this problem. Not continue to make it yours. 

If that direct talk about consequences and boundaries does not get get him moving on this, within a few days, start planning to be rid of him. If the problem _is him_ and he’s choosing to keep those problems and make them yours too, then you have to solve your real problem by getting rid of him.
He’s told you he doesn’t want help. He’s shown you his plan. You can disagree, but if he had a plan and he’s working it, you need to stop pressuring him to make a better one. It’s his plan. 

And he may be right about what the limits of the charity/council powers are, and it’s not your business in the least if he doesn’t want to ask his parents for help.  

If he’s paying his obligations to the shared home, then you need to let him carry his personal burden the way he chooses too. And speak for yourself. Speaking for yourself can look like “I don’t have the bandwidth the listen to these complaints/stress right now.” Or even “I find it hurtful you continue to complain at me, but will not entertain any of the suggestions I’ve given you at all.” Speak for your own feelings. Stop trying to fix the situation for him. It’s his.

If he’s not paying his agreed on share of your shared home, then you need to consider that this isn’t a safe person for you to live with because he expects you to carry his burdens without having to listen to you or consider your feelings or perspectives at all.
This. It makes me so mad when kids are taught this was the highest of high art and was inaccessible or highbrow. R&J literally opens with a bunch of teenage buddies making a rape joke, a rape _pun_, but so many teachers just swan on past that.
I was confused at first too, then I remembered women are always bad and always to blame.
You’re probably incompatible. This isn’t what you want.

You can, and should, bring up the idea of separate bedrooms, but it’s concerning that he doesn’t seem to recognize that option.
Dude, the part that made this _really bad sex_ was the part where you made it her job to take care of your feelings afterwards. No hook up wants to be your therapist or your coach. 

The fact you are continuing to think it would appreciate to try and demand more of her time and attention is unhinged.

Go watch some educational videos on performing oral sex, and with the next woman ask her what she likes and make sure she orgasms before your penis gets involved. 

Leave this woman alone, as she has clearly told you too.

You are not owed any amount of chances. She is owed the basic respect of you not contacting her anymore. 

Don’t be a creepy, demanding child. If you showed up at my house in this situation, I’d call the cops and let them explain to you that I will not be speaking with your further.
Nothing but “Me man. Me use big tool go vroom.”

Statistically, women are safer drivers by every metric. On a average, women are just as capable as men of spacial reasoning, but they don’t overrate their skills by as much, take fewer risks, and can more accurately assess the risks. Women ding cars and crack fenders. Men kill people. 

From a pure probability POV, if you want to live let a woman drive.
If you don’t want to be in an open relationship, it’s time to leave this one. Because that is the best case scenario. The best case scenario is that he wants a transparent and ethical open relationship. From there, it only get worse. 

Don’t get stressed out, just admit you want monogamy. Just monogamy. Nothing else. If he doesn’t agree, fully and directly in language you can rely on, let it be over.
Your BF just put you in the “Be my pretty lady, not a human being.” box. 

It would be slightly different if he had simply said, he’d prefer you not fart around him when it was avoidable — and because we are human, he knows it is not perfectly avoidable — as just a personal preference. The fact he connected it to being “ladylike” is gross and demeaning and very, very stupid.
It’s funny they think rich men weren’t hoarding women before.

You know it’s just that less of you plebeians die young, right? Most of you were not gonna be landed gentry. You were not going to be assigned a buxom teenager. You were not likely to be master or meritorious in 1020, or 1620 or 1820 either.   

You’re just angry you don’t have a woman, an assigned woman, you can punch down at, no matter how low you are.
I always wonder if they think small children in Guatemala are just failing to manifest food and clean drinking water. Like, if systemic issues don’t exist, then there are entire nations causing famine with all their negative self talk!
Fit of rage is a phrase which should only ever be associated with an ex. 

You don’t have to be perfect, to deserve not to be absurd. That is a lie abusers love to tell, to keep you trapped.
Thank you for explaining why this might be a deterrent. It seemed like a very easy hoop to jump through to me, for someone with malicious intent who wanted to create a false sense of security.
I am opposed to engaging with people who exhibit a behaviour I have found to be directly connected with negatively, resentment and even other controlling behaviours.

Also, I am woman. Who largely but not exclusively dates men.  

In my experience, men who start off with this demand, quickly have other demands and accusations. 

I have strategies to keep myself safe, this is not one of them.

Exactly the opposite I guess; My strategy is too avoid men who exhibit a behaviour that doesn’t make me feel safe and respected.
Your husband turned you into his private porn star without telling you about it. He felt entitled to doing so without your “formal consent” and is now demanding a “formal request” they be deleted.

I doubt your husband is a compete fucking moron. He was aware, or should have reasonably assumed, that you believed the videos were deleted and that is what you wanted. He should not have felt entitled to them in this way, and trying to make you the bad guy who “demands” he give up something he never should have taken without explicit permission, is revolting.

You are under-reacting. 

It feels like an invasion because it was. 

Tell him to delete them. 

Tell him he fucked up royally by behaving entitled to these videos without a transparent conversation. At very least, you should express deep disappointment with his judgment.
He’s 32.

He’s not confused about pets. He doesn’t need it explained to him. This is who he wants to be, the asshole who treats your dog poorly and enjoys its fear. 

He sees you only as a servant to his future baby, not as a person balancing her loves and needs. 

And people who are jealous of pet are often jealous of babies as well. 

Don’t keep such an open mind your brain falls right out. This is exactly what it looks like.
If trust is broken, don’t date her.

“Testing her” is just demeaning yourself in a shitty relationship that already isn’t working,

You were manipulative, you were toxic. You decided to stay in a relationship you shouldn’t have and used that as excuse to practice being a bad person.
I don’t understand how this strategy is protecting someone from a trafficker. The trafficker is usually real local people aren’t they? It doesn’t seem like it would have helped the victim in that article.
You’re mistaking “consequences” for “can’t do it”.

You absolutely can break a contract, and if it was a legal one, there might be consequences for doing so. 

But Scientology cannot enforce their a billion-year contract in court, and you cannot use the law to force your partner back into the marital home or bed if they don’t want to be there.
Yeah. I’m fine with that. You’d be unmatched. Not an issue for me what reason a person concocts at that point.
Yeah. Ask for a FaceTime first and okay. But ask me to buy todays newspaper? Or make some weird hand signs? Often within the first day of matching? Just GTFO.

I used to do it, without fail these people were all bitter, resentful and a bit controlling.
He knows how you feel. He doesn’t care. He feels entitled to placing this pressure on you. He thinks you should preform this way for him.

You’re incompatible.

And he’s a bully.

Don’t stay with him.

But since you’re going to anyways, say this “Comments about my femininity, skirts and makeup need to stop. You’ve cross the line from expressing a preference, to being really hurtful. If you care about not hurting me, you will stop. If you care more about what I wear, then how I feel, we will break up. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not right away, but it’ll happen if you don’t stop hurting me.”
This. It has to be really extreme before I assume they were actively trying to be deceptive. I’m bad at reading photos. 

I’m far more annoyed by men who lie outrageously about their height. I’ve happily dated men who are shorter than me, and secure about it. Don’t want to date a person who isn’t comfortable in the height difference.
I don’t know if you’re joking, but when someone does this to me I immediately unmatch. My photos are current and authentic and I use to comply, but I have never had a positive interaction when I did. 

A person who comes at me from this kind of place of bitterness and control is not someone I will continue to speak with.

Dating is risky and often disappointing, but if all you’re bringing into is distrust and anger, I want none of it.
Then be honest with your own needs and walk away. 

I didn’t mean to imply he needs to regret or feel ashamed. Only that people who have enjoyed casual sex in the past are still capable of choosing monogamy and being faithful. (In my experience, they are often better at it, because of the lack of FOMO.)
You’re not compatible. 

He could be just as capable of commitment and monogamy as any man who ever lived, but it doesn’t matter if you cannot believe that. 

If you’ve lost trust, this is over. 

You should date the person in front of you, not their every past choice, or the person you’d hope they could become. You need to be able to believe what they say about their current choices and values. If you cannot be happy with that person today, be honest, and bow out.
Because freedom!!!
The Republicans are right and royally fucked.

They have cultivated a delusional base that is not capable of selecting a candidate who can win a general. 

Running to Trumps right is the smart way to get the nom, and then to in loose the popular vote again, and probably the election.
You just know this man watches nothing but hard core anal porn and pimple popping videos, and is in deep denial about his desire to be pegged.
Because it’s not about attraction.

Like rape, the power is the point. The violation is what they want. 

They are just exerting power in a public place. All public spaces belong to men, in this persons mind. Women just walk through them. Women in men’s spaces get what they deserve. 

I’ve a had few men try to genuinely compliment me. You can tell the difference (and no, it’s not that they are “Chads”). They have said shit like “Cool hat”, “Awesome vibe” or “Wish I was going to whatever party you’re headed too!” 

It’s really not _that hard_ to compliment a stranger. Stand still, do not move into their space. Compliment a choice, not a innate thing about their body. Allow the interaction to end right then. Easy.
I disagree with your premise. 

The divorce rate doesn’t speak to people who “want to end it over the smallest thing”. Most people I know who divorced worked damn hard, sincerely to avoid it. The people I know who’ve been married 10+ years went through periods where they had to do that work too. 

Assuming every divorce is a personal failure is a lingering stigma, not a reality. 

And how can we say the divorce rate is high, when we’re comparing it to a time when it was practically, financially and often legally impossible to divorce? (Not to mention the stigma!) Do we really think marriages were twice as healthy and happy in 1950 as they were in 1990? Or that they were 3x more blissful? That people were really freely consenting to stay married more often? Even if your own family history was happy enough, most of us can ask our grandmothers about the women she knew and be quickly disabused of that notion.

And why in earth do you think people who don’t want to marry, not marrying, is a problem?
Of course he did.

My ex and his family were appalled that months after he dumped me (with a bit of bonus cruelty) I did not come to care for him during his unexpected surgery as I had during the first eight of them. You see, he had thought he was healthy now, so he no longer needed me. He had blamed me for “stalling his life”, but once he was in need again, I was a monster for not actually putting my life on pause, again, to care for him.

The mind boggles.
In other words, people who are less likely to want commitment and compromise at that stage of their lives… are less likely to work towards commitment and compromise at that stage of their lives!
And I’m disagreeing. It seems very obvious to me that is not “many people”. That is a minority. The majority are inclined to stay longer than they really should and keep working. 

More importantly, it’s the right outcome! That’s the would I want to live in. If someone has one foot out the door, give ‘em a shove. Problem solved.
Hah, I’d say they don’t actually understand consent.

They just glom on to buzzwords to try and make their positions sound modern and palatable. It’s like when they talk about the loneliness epidemic and mens mental health stigma, and you’re nodding along because yes, real issues! But then you realize they are actually suggesting the government “gift” these men sex slaves to solve  the problem.
I agree. The only reasons I can see to get married today is if you believe it’s a religious sacrament (terrifying to me! But ok) or if being married provides better protection for the children and their rights where you live. Otherwise, don’t get it. Very expensive party and pointless peice of paper for me.
I cannot comprehend this attitude towards people, it’s so objectively and observably false. 

Most people, the vast majority, keep working at preserving a relationship for months or years after it becomes objectively clear it should probably end, and both parties would be happier and healthier. We all know these people! We have mostly been these people. 

I looked back in my life and know where I should have had a zero tolerance policy; lying about money, throwing things in anger, being mean to waiters. 

Healthier conflict resolution skills often contribute to relationships coming to an end, because healthy approaches to adversity and conflict include fundamentally changing the terms of the relationship agreement, or even ending it.
I work very hard to look like I’m ignoring _everyone_ who is hollering for my attention in public. I always listen very closely for a few seconds before deciding if I’m going to engage, and usually I will not. If you’re asking for directions or warning about construction, sure. If it’s unclear in those few seconds what you’re up too, I assume it’s no good and keep walking.
That’s nice.

Legally speaking, if there is going to be marriage, there must be “divorce without any outside authority judging whether or not the reasons are good enough.” Anything else in unjust, to everyone. 

No fault is a term of art for the kind of separation you’re talking about — where no one but one or both of the two people in the marriage gets to decide it’s over. The term exists because there was a and time and place, recently and currently, where they was/is not the case. It doesn’t mean everyone is a blameless little angel.
He’s certainly expressed the willingness to blame the woman when he rapes her, if he sees the opportunity.
This seems to be connected to new movement in the manosphere against no fault divorce: She consented to be mine and she is not entitled to withdraw that “consent” for any reason. (Which means it’s not actually consent at all…) so the law is wrong when it gives her the ability to leave the marriage.

The problem with the divorce rate, in their minds, is the same problem as the “false accusation” rape hysteria: They don’t want women to be able to withdraw anything they interpreted as “consent” to their supremacy. They want to trap one, and not have to worry again about being worthy or of a partnership.
This guy knows, with 100% certainty, that no woman has ever _enjoyed herself_ with him and never will.
Motherhood is the best thing _when it serves them personally, or their political goals._ 

The like motherhood as an ideal, not as an occupation that might not directly benefit them. 

The fact that an actual person they have to interact with may be doing the work of being a parent, while female, is inherently distasteful.
I think it should be a goal daily, on a personal level — ignore them, live your life. 

But beyond the personal sphere we cannot afford to ignore them. Not only do the extreme members try to kill us, with guns and with legislation, but the shepherds are leading more and more young men to the slaughter. On a societal and political level they cannot be ignored. They want women subjugated and their strategy relies are making more and more men desperate, entitled, ill or angry enough to support that cause — on the false promise that access to an unhappy, subjugated women will make them happy, and that they will all of course be found deserving and meritorious by the new patriarchy.
It’s a bad habit and she needs to stop.

Could it mean she’s not over him? Sure. But a bit more likely is that she’s picking at the scab, re-running conversations in her head, and basically letting this wound fester.

She can’t build a new, healthy relationship unless she recognizes this behaviour is self-destructive. Just cause lots of people do it (especially, just every once in a while, and not weekly) doesn’t mean it okay.

In the end, I’d be more concerned that it’s been two years and they haven’t formalized the divorce.
You need to go see what you can swing with work.

Look, that kind of response is unkind. It’s not crazy for your partner to ask you to commit to spending some vacation time with them, or to ask you to confirm those plans in June for July. You may not mean to be jerking her around, or telling her she’s not a priority, or embarrassing her in front of her friends, but the result of that kind of response can rationally be all those things. 

If you cannot take vacation then, figure out when you can and calendarize it now. 

You’re working too much. Regardless of what else is going on here in this relationship, your work life balance sounds like complete shit right now and a reasonable partner will become frustrated by that.
Ask him what his plan is for his agreed on portion of the bills are, if he is out of working for a month, or 3 months. Or more.

That’s the question you need to ask him, and make it clear you have not agreed to covering all the finances for an indeterminate length of time. He needs a plan to meet his obligations. He needs to communicate that plan to you.

Stop trying to fix the job search issue for him. Start expecting him to address your very reasonable fears and boundaries like a reasonable person. 

It’s not your job to find him a job.

It’s his his to explain to you how he is going to meet his responsibilities once this contract ends. It’s not totally crazy to be looking forward to job searching after his contact ends, but if that is his plan he needs to tell you he has enough cushion to make it happen. You are not his safety net. You just moved in together. That is not a kind or reasonable expectation of you.
“I didn’t want a better life FOR THE WOMEN!”
Just tell him the truth; It’s not working for you. 

This daily texting is awkward and confusing. You don’t want to continue it. You can’t build a serious connection like this. It’s hard to even build a friendship… Tell him you want to stop. Wish him well. 

Block him when he doesn’t reply with grace.
It’s not fair.

It’s obviously abusive behaviour.

You’re not in an ethically non-monogamous relationships. You’re in an emotionally abusive one.
I honestly don’t know how women have sex with men in some states these days at all… I love sex but it seems unnecessarily risky.

But at least now you know; He wasn’t getting better. He just has a little while where he had fewer reasons to be utter shit. Now he has a new  reason to be a selfish, abusive peace of shit, and he’s going all in on it! 

You don’t need a perfect excuse, but his transparent attempts to bully, manipulate and shame you into silencing your own feelings and needs, are pretty damn perfect as valid reasons to dump a person goes.

He’s gonna call you selfish and stubborn if you were paying his rent and donating a kidney. He just wants to get his way. It has nothing to do with reality.
One of my few boundaries in my open relationship is that neither of us sleep with who is not pro-choice, even though protection is always used as well.

I may stay in the relationship with someone else being pregnant, but I wouldn’t try to force a polycule or triad because she got pregnant. The two of them may have a relationship as coparents, and that would remain separate from my relationship as partner or friend with either of them.

But you really shouldn’t stay in this relationship.

He is manipulative and emotionally abusive. And if he actually uttered the words “small inconvenience” to refer to his own child I might take a baseball bat to his bits before I go.
There is nothing here but to live and learn.

People are more than just toys, or experiences. They are people first and foremost. Don't think because you're less experience, it's okay to treat someone (who isn't openly, transparently consenting) like a toy or a fun ride. It's still really important to *talk* about what you want. Don't make assumptions about what they want or feel.

Even if you had watched the movie, he may still have ended up connecting with and choosing someone else. So don't follow that road in your head to silly places.

It's totally normal and healthy to have fantasies, but stop fixating on this guy. 

Just keep dating. 

Use your experience to inform your future choices.
This is just not a person to engage with. The rest is unknowable. You can know you were right to get away from her.

There is nothing to learn here except that you were right. Eventually. Good for you.

But the term you're looking for is "serial monogamist" or even "cowardly little shit". Sociopath is a stretch based on what you've given here, and "Monkey brancher" is from incel/PUA land with their notoriously terrible understanding of evolutionary psychology. If you don't want to be associated with misogyny, don't use their buzzwords. You can be plenty angry with one shitty person who happens to be a woman, without buying into the resentful bullshit that will damage your relationships with all women.

File this under shitty person is shitty and move on. Closure happens when you stop caring why shitty is shitty and just be glad to be staying away from it.
You're incompatible.

Also, pair bonding is just a profound misunderstanding misogynists have *about birds*, that they have used as an excuse to shame women. (If anything, human beings can actually get better at forming intimate relationships with more *healthy practice* at it.)

But that doesn't matter here, you're not compatible with her and that's okay. You don't trust her. Don't date someone you don't trust. (Also, don't be a controlling twat, but that is a seperate issue). It just has nothing to do with her cognitive or neurochemical ability to create and maintain partnerships in her own life.
A yellow flag, but not a red one.

At three months, you should be a little bit skeptical of anyone's report of their 'crazy/abuse ex'.

But reactive abuse is a very real thing. The key word is "react". People are not at thier best when facing frequent abuse. They snap. They lash out. They do crazy, toxic things in reaction to being abused.

Mutual abuse, is rare.

Reactive abuse, is common. And lots of abusers try to push their victims to react, so they can blame-shift and gaslight the victim into thinking it's their fault. 

Keep your eyes and ears open, but no, not an immediate red flag.
Improve first. Then communicate to him the exact steps you are taking.

Telling him before you've even started the work will feel like you're making an excuse, like you're asking him to tolerate it, or worse, solve it for you. And even worse still, that might actually be on some level, what you're trying to do.  Get his acceptance and validation. Make excuses. Not changes.

So, change first. Do the soul searching. Pick some strategies. Identify a few small steps you need to take, and maybe one or two big ones. Maybe book a session or two with a counsellor. Then share with him what *you are doing* to solve *your problem*.
No.

The two things aren’t related in that way. 

The national PP federation is restructuring to support state-level decision making better and to developing more tele-health. The former CEO was there for 12 years. New one has been in place for about 3. I don’t think anyone who understands NGO life cycle would find this all that shocking. Sad for the individuals involved, absolutely. Also totally sane leadership.
Won’t lie to you, that was all pretty damn bad. 

The point now is to get your head on straight so you don’t make similar mistakes when you’re hurting or in pain in the future. That’s the best way to make amends and to rebuild your trust in yourself.
Get back to the hustle and get your financial independence back.

And don't be so hard on yourself.

You entered into an arrangement with someone you knew was paying you for sex. Like a lot of young people, you came to realize just what that all meant. It would have been rational to assume she was paying others as well. Looking back, you can probably identify some places where you should have said No Thank You, or suggested she work with another trainer, but she was probably far more skilled at pushing past boundaries, than you were at expressing them.

Get yourself out, safely. And rebuild. And maybe an STI check. Crash on a friend's couch for a bit if you need too. There is nothing wrong with you. It's a learning experience about setting boundaries, listening to your own instincts and avoiding manipulators. It's one a frightening number of women of all races go through, and you'll make it through it too.
I keep on validating disapointment and saddness. 

You keep saying you get it, but then immediately insisting on more angry assumptions and accusations of wrongdoing against her. So you don't seem to be getting the discretion.

Good luck.
You’re becoming absurd in an attempt to hold on to your anger with her and find wrongdoing. 

You met her in mid-March, it’s now almost the end of May. That’s a very normal range of time for people to connect sincerely, but for ones to realize it’s not going to work out.
Yes that was unkind, but she’s entitled to her belief and if she doesn’t believe he can handle it, then she’s right to end it regardless of what he thinks of his own capacity. “I do not trust you’re capable of meeting my needs.”
Would be more accurate, but it’s the same thing and valid. It’s sub-optimal phrasing, but she appears to have owned her choices no problem. 

But seriously, his behaviour here is reminding me why 29 is my absolute floor. I’m inclined to agree with her assessment.
Most people experience validation from relationships of all kinds. 

You're looking for a reason to make her the bad guy because she disappointed you, but you don't have a good one. She just disappointed you, because she didn't want what you wanted.
The assumption she didn't tell you *just about as soon as she figured it out herself*, is the bitter and entitled bullshit I mean. Those are the kinds of negative thoughts you need to stop indulging in.
While I think it's inappropriate he didn't tell you, if he never replied, it's not that weird that he kept it to himself. 

A lot of people, especially men, do not like to admit they are being harassed. And it is harassment. It may be low-key, but it is that. 

I don't block the man who sends me these sorts of texts, because a.) I worry if he realizes he's blocked he may escalate and b.) I want to have a record of the behaviour in case he ever does escalate. It's not a comfortable thing to tell a new partner about, but I always do.
Yeah, but you’re letting these thoughts fester. We all have passing thoughts after a break up that are are negative and irrational. You have to let them go, not ponder them further. 

They won’t support you being happy, or kind, in the future. So drop that bullshit.
Be disappointed, not irrationally bitter and entitled.
You weren't lied too.

You were given the best truth, as she had it to give you. As she realized what she wanted more clearly, she told you! 

The fact you are trying to round up an incompatibility, her own needs in a more serious relationship, and her very open and direct communication with you... into a lie and a betrayal is a huge part of why you're not emotionally mature enough to be dating older women. 

This is how healthy older people date: It's fun for a bit if you're basically compatible, but it will likely end quickly once they decide it's not long-term.
So you meet a grown-ass woman who is totally clear with you she's not ready for anything serious, you date for a few months, and she decides it's not gonna work for her long-term, then she tells you so, plainly and directly.

And you *still* accuse her of using you or game-playing. 

She just told you what she wanted. And you weren't it. That's *sad*, but not a betrayal. 

That was successful communication. You had a good time for a while, you had some basic compatibility, but once she knew it wasn't for her, she told you.

Maybe the problem isn't your income or the age range. Maybe the problem is you need to learn to handle rejection. Most connections with anyone of any age, are gonna just not quite work out.
Just stop texting him entirely.

You rejected him. When you rejected his intensity and talk about future wifey, that was *rejecting him.* You didn't want what he wanted. And that's okay. It was the right thing to do.

Let it be a rejection and let it be over.
Then your marriage is over.

You've decided it.

You're just trying to bully her into being the one who says it out loud. It may take years, but eventually she will and you'll tell yourself your hands are clean, but they are not. 

What you are doing is cowardly and manipulative. At least as shitty as anything you've accused her of here.

If you actually want to be married, stop this bullshit and go talk to a counsellor together.
You're the one who described actively threatening the relationship.

What's worse, you don't even *mean it*. You don't want to divorce right? So you're just being manipulative and hurtful when you speak that way to her. At least she's being honest with you about her unhappiness... 

So why don't you shit or get off the pot. Stop making it all her job to leave your ass. 

The rank hypocrisy is shocking. You sound like a teenager, not a 35-year-old.

Either get a marriage counsellor involved to help you both do better (you, yes you, really need to do a *lot better* than this) or stop being such a little shit and hire a lawyer yourself.
Just let him avoid you. It's fine for him to avoid you.

This is resolved just fine. 

Stop trying to pursue the FWB/casual fling with him. He is not equipped/interested in that. Don't get bent outta shape that a 22-year-old can't explain his boundaries and emotional needs clearly. Just take the damn hint that he's not looking for what you're looking for, and stop trying to get what you want outta him. 

The awkwardness is a thing you can choose to ignore for yourself.
Then you earned every downvote.

Everyone who thought your question was insincere, or combative, or condescending, or not worth engaging with, was just objectively correct.
>Edit: the fact that this got downvoted is both hilarious and pathetic

That response really just supports the decisions of others to not engage with you.

If you want a sincere conversation in the future, start by indicating you're willing to put in the effort to understand other people. Read through the thread. Ask for specific clarifications or identify common themes, or things that seem contradictory to you. Reword what you've understood and ask if you've got it right. These are skills we're taught in grade school for engaging other people with ideas sincerely and respectfully and showing we are interested in comprehending new ideas. 

Don't just vaguely demand someone else spell it out for you. Especially in the context of this sub, demanding someone else just spell it out for you is going sound combative and condescending. (And leave the impression of a very large risk that you are the sort who jumps into this sub feeling entitled to the emotional and intellectual labour of women, who you intend to shit on regardless.)

That is why I choose to ignore you. The risk outweighed any possible benefit to me, and still does. I'm very likely going to regret this. 

If that's not who you are, then don't approach it like this.
Does it matter? If you're not compatible, then you're not compatible. It doesn't matter very much if that is personal or cultural.
If you're comfortable with this level of prudishness and insecurities, sure.

I wouldn't be comfortable with this. I'd remind her that I also kissed my ex while wearing pretty much every single shirt in my wardrobe and she had unzipped every pair of jeans I own, and maybe have used every towel in the house *while naked*. She also pet my dog. Even kissed his little nose. Can he stay? 

If she wants to be absurd, let's be equal opportunity absurd. I wouldn't spend thousands of dollars to appease the irrational insecurities of someone I'm just dating. Especially not if they were phrasing it as a 'demand' and not a 'request for support and understanding, even though it's a bit silly'.
No. This is a terrible idea. 

She's either looking to wound herself with this information, or she's gathering ammunition to wound you with. This question is inherently combative and controlling. It can only damage your relationship. 

Tell her she needs to trust you to maintain appropriate boundaries with people you find attractive, as you always have before, and that if this conversation is going to be a productive one it's time to get the counsellor involved and examine what she is trying to achieve with this line of questioning.
I didn't say there weren't many good things.

But look at what this bad thing is, cause it's a fricking huge one:

1. He felt unsafe speaking with you about his unhappiness and concerns.
2. You two disagreed about boundaries, and you appear to be seeking to isolate him from external emotional support. You say you don't want too, but in addition to number 1, that is the toxic dynamic that is developing and deepening. 
3. You are now experiencing too much anxiety to join him in his regular activities or interact with people who are really important in his life.

It's fine to decide the good outweighs the bad, but the bad you've described here is massive, and you're still firmly in the honeymoon phase.

You can decide to work this out and it might even work out, but recognise that one of the important things about dating isn't just learning to work things out. Most of us will try to work out plenty more than we really should. This sub is full of people trying to 'work out' obvious incompatibles, cheating and even outright abuse. It's really learning what is not tolerable for you, so you waste less time with basically good people, who are not the right people for you.
It's normal to maintain keepsakes. Especially in a private place.

The fact you see this as a possible 'confrontation' is a major issue. This was not thrown in your face. This was privately tucked away and your 'stumbling' sounds a hell of a lot like snooping.

It's understandable that it upset you, but the issues here are obviously whatever insecurities you've got going on. He didn't do anything to you. He didn't do anything wrong. You're doing all this misery to yourself. You should be talking to him about those, and maybe seeking support and treatment for them. This book should be a non-issue.

The fact you think sentimental objects are 'disrespectful' is absolutely not a universal opinion, and frankly, it's a rather immature one. One I'd expect from someone closer to 18 than 30.
It's been four months. These sorts of issues, so early on, can and should be dealbreakers.

In another situation, I'd tell you that you cannot obsess about 'your side' and that your partner needs to have people in their life they can confide in about their struggles and concerns. While there can, and should be some boundaries, relationships cannot be emotional prisons. You shouldn't want to isolate your partner from their support network. You must trust and respect those people *understand* they are only hearing one perspective. Most people do understand that. 

But in this situation, why are you trying so hard to make it work when it so clearly isn't?
Don't worry about this guy. He's not the issue. This is not about apologizing. 

Are you getting medical support for your mental health right now? You're in a *really* bad way and making *really* bad choices for yourself. 

You just need to end all contact with this guy and get yourself some serious support and medical intervention. This sequence of events was not about him. It was about the BPD. You need serious, focused invention and treatment for your BPD.
No.

I'd say maybe, big maybe, if your true intention was simply to apologize for wrong doing.

But it isn't. This is condescending. You're talking about her like she was a secondary character in your life, existing only to assist in your growth. Underneath this all is the assumption she requires your apology/input in order to move on with her own life. You know that's not right.

You haven't spoken in years. You know nothing. You have nothing to offer except a sincere apology and what you've written here, it not that sincere apology. What you've written here is an inward-looking bit of journaling about what a great person you've become. This is self-centring and personal validation, not an apology. It's great if it's all true for you, but that has no value to her.

Nearly every time I hear a long-time ex reach out to 'apologize' I end up rolling my eyes. It's almost always just selfishness and guilt, and they are using the other person to make themselves feel better. Demanding attention to an 'apology' that is not really an apology, but is about making themselves feel better is just not a good look. Don't do it.
The most important thing is to relax, and keep on living your life.

You're just talking. It's been good but it's just talking. He's moving. It's reasonable to believe he's probably not dodging you. Moving is highly time-consuming and brain-space-consuming.

Right now, you *are* pen-pals. Trying to move things forward right away wouldn't be sensible or kind. I'd suggest you not fight that and just accept it, hoping that it's temporary, but not over-investing. You're going to stay pen-pals until at least a week after the move. So think about how much time you want to give to a pen-pal, and offer this connection only that much time.

Once he's moved, give him 2-3 days and then suggest a few days you're free, and even a suggestion of a place/event (especially if he doesn't know his new area well). If he doesn't confirm within the first week or so of moving, cut him loose.

You cannot force this. You cannot speed it up. What you can do is decide how much of your energy you're gonna give this connection between now and when he's moved.
Absolutely. They have issues. The one in my area is very closely moderated (often to the frustration of new members) but even still. 

However, there are also guys from online dating who are posted several times a month for cheating, stalking, stealthing, and all sorts of acts from really rude to greedy to outright violent. I absolutely suggest my friends on online dating be in that group to know who the repeat offenders in the city are. 

But if you look at all the posts — not just the juicy ones — most get nothing but a “Good luck!” Or even “I worked with him. He seemed cool.”

This is totally old school, analogue behaviour — the whisper network — in a digital space. The criticism I hear from women is all like yours (be critical of what you read, check for the big risks, not the whining) but too many men are just terrified someone will say something mean about them (as if they have never trash talked as ex or a hook up to their buddies) and don’t realize these networks exist because of a long-term systemic lack of safety for women.

A woman who writes the above just really, really hates other women, and still thinks perfect judgment can protect her from a skilled manipulator and abuser.
You might want to read some relationship books written more recently. Or by someone under 40. That sounds a bit regressive even for the 80s. 

We are socialized in gendered ways, sure, but this kind of bullshit does more harm than good when two individuals are trying to understand one another.
This man isn’t going to save you. 

He doesn’t see you as a serious, long-term partner and he isn’t willing to take the kind of risks or make the kinds of investments an adult often would, with a serious long-term partner. 

On top of all of that, you don’t trust him. He lies.

This man isn’t your safety. What’s worse, he made just be a distraction and an obstacle, keeping you from making other plans for yourself.
Ugh. I’m so sorry. I’m glad it sounds like you were able to keep yourself safe in the end.
It happened last summer in Ohio. 

Her rapist was arrested, and she was able to get the medical care she needed in Indiana. Her mother was advised the abortion wouldn’t be legal in Ohio under their “heartbeat law”
Women are also the default care givers for small children so many women needs the legal structure of a divorce to protect/care for any dependants.
I love these “She dumped me for no reason” stories! 

One ex said I dumped him for “getting a tattoo she didn’t like.”

He got that tattoo while wasted/high at a festival trip after promising me to stay sober and not make me play mommy. Instead, I spent the second day to checking every medical tent and then the local ER. I eventually found him, outta his mind in another ER, on IV fluids, without his passport or our train tickets home.

But sure, it was the ugly tattoo, not the 48 hours of terror and trauma followed by the cost of the hotel room and flight while I helped him sort his shit out with the embassy and hoped he wouldn’t get arrested.
I think there’s a lot of complex Intersectionality going on here and we can’t really tell you much about the patterns in your neighborhood’s or the ones you walk through. Their behaviour towards you could reflect biases in policing in the area, or their job/family businesses, or a dozen other things about the communities make up. 

I walk through sort of three distinct neighbourhoods to get to my office each day. And each of them presents unique risks, and people respond differently to me based on how I’m dressed. In one of them, dressing more affluently will make me invisible. In another it makes me a target. In one, wearing my more artsy queer coded clothes, makes me everybody’s friend. In another, really dirty looks and sometimes comments. 

I think most street harassment comes down to punishment for being conspicuous, for taking up space. A reminder from men they own the space and you’re just moving through it. “Taking up space” is it gonna look different in different neighbourhoods and at different times.
Even if it was true, how is “She should suffer with me, because I’m suffering.” a good outcome for anyone? If this were true, then the women in this situation are doing a beneficial bit of emotional and practical labour for them both by ending it.
Oh fuck yes! Graduation and entering the workforce is one of the biggest transitions of your life so far! Don’t underestimate the free-floating anxiety — totally reasonable uncertainty— that kind of moment brings. That’s stressful for the normies. Please do consider putting a few of the avoidable battles back on the shelf for the time being. Live to fight another day. I promise you it’ll pay off in the long run to be strategic about this personal development.
Notice how a shitty relationship, where you or your partner is miserable much of the time, seems to still be a rather _good deal_ for men.

It’s as if there is a great deal they benefit from in a partnership besides “being happy”, and for women there is very little to be gained by being partnered if you are unhappy.

The idea that women are more likely to leave a bad relationship is not an insult against women’s character. It just says something very sad about what men consider good enough and workable for themselves… especially when they are not the ones doing _the work_.
She failed his test. The test to see how much she’d accept from him.

That is what triggered his explosion, when she said “Maybe I don’t want to accept this much…”

I agree OP was also testing, used passive aggression and needs to asset herself better — but that’s because then she wouldn’t waste three months with a man who wants to to play bullshit games. Not because she caused his verbal abuse and transparent attempts to manipulate her.
Exactly this!

He wasn’t confused. He was _tactical_. These are strategies that work for him. 

OP has plenty of flaws that make her an appealing target for this sort of man, and a partner in his toxic dance, but that doesn’t absolve him.
OPs response was imperfect — she’s a great target for his style of bullshit — but like I said: He knew exactly what manipulation he was engaging in at that moment. There was no reason to tell her about the text, or his response, except to test and trigger her.

He didn’t ask her because he cared, he asked her as part of the test. He was training her not to protest his behaviour, and learning how to best manipulate her. 

And when she failed the test, by beginning to question and stand up for her own needs and boundaries, he went on an overblown attack to threaten and coerce her into silence. 

Classic “all my exes are crazy” behaviour from this man.

Only thing to do is block him and move on. Any further contact will continue to bring out the worst in OP.
Fellow panic disorder here, and I completely relate to “If I didn’t challenge this, I’d do nothing.” I had to manage panic around things like, picking up the phone, learning to drive, and getting on planes… 

But if non-monogamy regularly triggered full blown panic, I wouldn’t do it. One of the most valuable tools I have is “Pick your battles… no, that is too many battles. Put some back. Pick like, two battles.” 

When I first started to really address my anxiety, I thought I had to fight and defeat all my demons. I put myself in a lot of unnecessarily triggering situations that actually made it harder to reach equilibrium and practice the skills, because I was constantly pressuring myself to perform under intense anxiety. When I stated to focus on the battles that were personally worth it to me, things really started to click. Driving, was 100% worth it. Getting on a boat? Absolutely not worth it. I can live a very full and rich life without boats. 

Maybe this is a battle you want to pick, but please give yourself some grace and make sure you’re really picking it because it’s a worthwhile one _for you_. And if it is, consider putting some of the other battles on the back burner for a while. Don’t try to everything all at once. Manage your energy and give yourself real recovery time. Time to recover and reflect is where you really firm up your tools and tactics. Otherwise you risk just burning yourself out.
Major, toxic fights in the first three months are a huge red flag. 

He doesn’t want to be a boyfriend. He wants to appear single, at least to his guy friends. He doesn’t care how that makes you feel. 

He’s 34, not 21. He’s not confused. He knows exactly how he was manipulating you and leaving you feeling insecure and begging for his commitment and transparency. Stay the fuck away from him. Block him, grieve it out, and move on with your life.
It’s actually rather cool. It’s a real thing, but the stupidest thing about this comment is that it was found largely to be fetal cells, like from their sons. So yes, they checked. It was that. 

Some studies have shown that up to 60% of women who have given birth to a son, retain some of his cells. It is naturally assumed they also retain their daughters cells but I haven’t seen studies for that in my admittedly shallowish reading. They have also found some cells of older siblings, in the younger ones. And obviously, twins. And blood transfusions. It’s just really not that big of a deal. 

This seems to be a myth that came up in 2017, based on a study of women with male children outta Seattle in 2012, but they decided to conflate the findings of “male DNA in the brain” with the idea that the women were promiscuous and the DNA was from multiple sex partners, instead of what they actually were: Women who had sons.
That’s worse. All of that is worse. 

He treated you at least as badly as her, but she had the sense to make the boundaries she needed for herself, and cut him loose. 

It also sounds like he _used you_ to try to emotionally manipulate her. While he was lying to you. 

This is so much worse.
Her: I’m trying to access a very basic prescription and also maybe not be maliciously imprisoned or murdered by the state. Any advice?

Him: _Shouts irrational insulting assumptions about her body and sexual pleasure into the void._
He’s not confused.

He’s tactical. You were convenient. He’s not capable of being alone.

He’ll make plenty of excuses for himself, and most of them will be lies. Don’t gaslight yourself. They are what _they do_. Not what they say.

And what he did was making himself available to his ex for your entire relationship. Not just “the first few months”. 9 months outta 10? That just means he hasn’t hit her up super recently. He never stopped.
I’d walk. 

This is his shit to overcome, and he didn’t. Probably won’t. 

But I’m his age. 

And he’s dating a woman over a decade younger then him because he assumes he can get away with this shit during her “benefit of the doubt” era. He might last until you hit your “Knows her worth era”. 

A man who is 35 and behaved like he did is not capable of being mentally health alone, which means he’s not capable of being with anyone else either.
4 year olds when they are called kiddo.

24 year olds when they are called kiddo.

Me when my friend since kindergarten calls me sis.

Me when my catty SIL does. 

It’s almost like context and intent matter in human communication!
This Guy: “You’re the real racist for not conforming to MY sexist and racist stereotypes about you!”
I would consider the friendship done.

His behaviour was horrible, and your response was… not productive, but it doesn’t really matter. 

Generally speaking, I wouldn’t keep a friend around who is clearly expressing a sense of entitlement to my sexual/romantic interest. And there is really no other rational interpretation here: He wasn’t defending white men in general. They are doing just fine and dating plenty of women are Asian decent, generally speaking. He was attacking you for not being a specifically available option to him. And that is someone you need to stay the hell away from, regardless of the racism angle.
It would encourage women to buy toys and cohabitate with one another, so as not to become a indentured servant. 

There would be less children, but possible a rush in sperm donors, because you’re making having children via sex even riskier that it already is.
Let spare a moment of shame for the guy who KEEPS TRYING TO GET HIM ON MIC. 

Best case senecio this random guy is going through some shit. Put the camera down and walk the fuck away. Stop encouraging this performance.
It’s normal for people to grow apart, especially at this stage of young adulthood.

There’s no going back. There is not much chance of fixing it if you’re this confused about what “it” even is, after this much silence and blocking drama.

Allow it to end. Grieve it out and move on.
Your daughter is currently being abused. Your ex is trying to estrange her from you with lies about her own criminal, violent, potentially fatal actions. That us lying, likely some gaslighting, and it's generally emotional abuse designed to isolate your daughter from you. 

Your daughter is *currently* the victim of emotional abuse. Do not forget that or gloss over it. That is what is happening here. While you do not have the legal power to stop it at this time, that is what is taking place. Your ex is actively abusing her.
Just keep persuing the parental order/custody agreement.

Speak to a lawyer about your choice not to pursue criminal charges. You should not have made that call without legal advice about how it would impact the custody situation. If you don't already have one, a lawyer will probably recommend a \\evaluation where a mental health professional will issue an opinion on whether or not you had a mental breakdown and/or false memory.

Document all acts of estrangement. Tell your ex you're only going to discuss parenting right now over email. Follow up with any in-person conversations with an email that says "As we discussed in person today..." Let her reply, in writing, that she didn't intend to say she asked you to lie and say you stabbed yourself.

You're not going to be able to repair your relationship with your daughter much further at this time. She is not going to be able to read and comprehend the police reports, medical reports, or protection orders for many years. Your daughter is 11 years old and all her basic survival needs are met by her mother. She's gonna side with her mother. It's just a basic human thing. That is where her safety and her food comes from. You're gonna be coasting for a few years.

You need to seriously reconsider your legal options in regards to the stabbing. You're not protecting your daughter if you are making it more difficult for her, in the future, to discern the truth about what happened. You're also not protecting your daughter, or anyone else around your ex, from further acts of violence.
You don't. You've already explained plenty. He had *actively chosen* not to understand, and ignore your boundaries.

You thought maybe you could be friends, but his further treatment of you proved that you could not. He wasn't friendly. He continued to be boundary-busting and manipulative.

You're not a therapist or a rehab centre for sad boys.

Expect him to continue to over-react, and be ready to re-enforce the boundaries that you're happy enough to hang out with him in a group, but you asked for the texts to stop. When they didn't, you stopped them.

Leave him blocked. You've communicated clearly.
You can divorce someone for any reason you'd like.

But I do think you need to calm down. If this is a hard boundary for you, discuss it with him. Ask for his agreement to stop. Express to him you are willing to consider divorce if he will not. 

But for my own sake, I find this behaviour immature, not a betrayal. It's just kinda ugly. Like a grown man having Swimsuit illustrated posters on his bedroom wall.
It is strange to me because “pumpkin spice” is a mix that humans have loved since the late 18th century, when we finally became globally connected enough to concoct it! There is even a bit of evidence of this spice mix as far as 3,500 years ago. Good things taste good! 

Most of us loved this before it was branded PSL.
In hand? Not pinned to the back of your head like 90s barrette?
Your boyfriend suggested something ***if it will make you feel less insecure.***

You need to work on your insecurities in therapy.

What he said was careless, not an insult. He fell into your baggage. You need to pick some of this shit up off the floor. It's a tripping hazard.

(And don't bleach your vulva. It's unhealthy.)
You cannot fix the situation, but saying "I know this sucks and it's a thing you need to get through that sucks..." will probably be validating.

Shitty things be shitty.

Sometimes the best help you can give someone when they are really in the dark part of it is is just agree: This is shitty. You feel shitty because it is shitty. Tell me how I can help you get through the shitty part.
First ask her what support she wants/needs.

Second, recognize she is having a totally valid emotional reaction to something that is 100% true:  The arts field is deeply unfair. That is hard to get a job and almost nothing pays well. There is a whole bunch of 'earning your shot' and 'being a team player' and 'paying your dues' that you can basically only afford to do if you come from money. And she was burnt out and dissatisfied in her last job. She feels lost because she is, that is a totally reasonable place for a person to be at 27. She's not broken. She's 100% normal. I know a hundred people who continued to work in the arts after this sort of period in their lives, and I know a hundred who left. Both choices are valid, but the choice will need to be made in time. 

Some short-term depression is not a completely unreadable response to the situation she's experiencing, especially when you stick a damn pandemic on top of it.

Do not say "She knew what she signed up for". Of course she did. She doesn't need you treating her like a child with that kind of comment, but she didn't know *how it would feel*.  She didn't know what the limits or stressors would be long-term. She didn't know she wouldn't like it and it wouldn't be worth it. She felt, reasonably, at one point in her life that she was making the best choices for herself. It is possible you could have found yourself having the same crisis of faith about your choices in IT, so don't be a condensing shit about it just because art was her previous choice. It wasn't a bad one. It just isn't working out.

Keep encouraging therapy because she deserves the support.

Don't encourage professional networking until she has a more concrete purpose/goal in mind.
To be able to hurt her back for no damn reason while her legs cramp and fall asleep, and wear mocha fraps in her hair? All while dreaming of doing battle with a poorly photoshopped North-American Kaiju? 

Also, I am deeply disappointed that they just grey-scaled the image of a rooter instead of at least picking a photo of a black one. Like, they come in black. Roosters come in black. Google "Black Rooster" dammit. Lazy shitposters.
From the little window we have here it does seem like he is incapable of offering her anything but negativity and harsh judgement. She may have told the group in an effort to pressure him to perform *as if* he was supportive and happy for her for at least a damn second...
Oh, to have the ego of a mediocre man who doesn't even think the posting rules apply to him. What I could have achieved in life with this oblivious and inflated sense of self-worth!
I think she is in the wrong, objectively, but you're not coming at this objectively. You're coming at this emotionally and trying to use a money agreement in the relationship to solve your unhappiness and money issues with a situation she is not in control of, your employment. I can understand why she would be upset when you frame this as financially punishing her because you hate your job... That it isn't what it is, but it's sure what you make it sound like.

You need to stop making assumptions about her savings, and you need to stop attacking this emotionally. Objectively, if that space is her office -- especially if she intends to get personal tax benefits or write offs for it -- then it's not part of your shared home. That's not about your budget, or your job. That is her being honest with herself, with you, and the IRS, about what her business costs to run and what resources it requires. It requires a room, just like it requires certain software or licenses. It's a business expense, not a relationship one. It belongs to business, not to you or to her personally. The business needs to be renting that room. The business owner, needs to pay. That isn't about the boyfriend/girlfriend agreement. That's about the business owing money it's not paying. 

And you need to be seriously looking for other work. She may be unfair and maybe you should break up, but generally speaking it's also not fair to be constantly at your partner because you're miserable and not doing anything to fix that for yourself.
I wouldn't want to be married to either of you.

Yelling is unacceptable to me.

However, so are constant accusations. Especially public, drunken ones.

What you are doing isn't "being insecure". We're all a bit insecure! You sound like you have long ago crossed the line into emotionally abusing your husband.

Most people will not accept emotional abuse forever, without snapping. Snapping might look like yelling, but it can also look like withdrawing, running away or sobbing hysterically. People break under that kind of treatment long-term. They just do. It's called reactive abuse. If he we were here asking for him, I'd be telling him he probably needs to leave you before you bring out the worst in him and his behaviour gets worse, because you are unlikely to seriously change yours. 

Stick with the therapy and discuss this incident there, in the context of your behavior towards him.
If you need to discuss how costs are split in you relationship, you have to do that *before* you agree to go and pay for the ticket. 

You're not wrong, but you made a mistake not discussing the impact of this wedding trip on your budget before you agreed to go. 

If you do speak to him about this, start there: I made a mistake. I should have told you before we booked that this was more than I could comfortably spend.
I wish I hadn't bothered tho. This guy's posting history is a nightmare. Before it was complaining his wife wasn't communicative enough with only the most weak-ass arguments she'd done anything at all wrong, and right here we're seeing *exactly why* his wife has learned not to speak to him. 

Even when the information is *totally banal* he takes the opportunity to shit on her instead of supporting her.
So he doesn't believe in being accountable to other human beings, and honest about his commitments?

You're 25 and pregnant. You need to wake the hell up.
You're trying to make it complicated, because you don't like the simple truth. Everyone else gets it just fine. He definitely gets it. You're the one who doesn't want too. 

He's doing exactly what he wants.

If he wanted to be at those appointments, he would be.

If he wanted to be dating you, he would be.

He doesn't. 

And he probably never will. 

Stop trying to fix it and start learning to live with him as a co-parent.
Agreeing not to fuck other people is not the same as being a partner.

Same answer: He's not your partner.

It's not stable with him. He's not offering you that. He is doing exactly what he wants, and he doesn't want to be your support in this. 

The longer you imagine you can turn him into either a good partner or a good parent the harder it will be for you to move forward with your life as a mother, and as a human being.

I'm sorry you're not ready for that reality. Sooner you get there the better off you'll be.
>I just don’t want to break up with him.

It's a "situationship". By definition, you are *not* together. 

>We have a rocky relationship but we want to do better for our daughter.

Great! You need to realize the best you can do, probably doesn't include dating one another. 

> I wanna start by finding a way to have him go to the baby appts mkre

You cannot turn him into either a good partner or a good parent. He's gonna be who he wants to be and you need to make your peace with that.
Dude, you were *absolutely* implying that she was incompetent and that you didn't trust her research/judgment call. Despite the fact this was an ongoing issue for her and you knew she'd taken previous steps.

You may really think you didn't intend it, but intention actually isn't everything. What you atually did, was shitty. And her emotional response to being treated that way was predictable and reasonable. 

It is a damn small thing, and you were a self-absorded ass about it.

Got to be honest with you, if I was opening the garage by hand for a single week my partner would have declared that unacceptable, and built a plan to correct that situation before I even got around to it...

You should apologize and do better. Treat her like the competent adult she is and don't expect her to struggle with a daily task *for months* just because it doesn't impact you and then throw shade when she says it's time to resolve the issue. Sesh. You're 35. This is rather basic courtesy and empathy. It is not rocket-science.
I think you feel like a single mom because you are one. 

Stop the situationship. Just be co-parents. 

He's not your partner. He's not the partner you want. He's just your co-parent and you can't force him to be a good parent, you can only give him opportunities to be one. 

The longer you imagine you can turn him into either a good partner or a good parent the harder it will be for you to move forward with your life as a mother, and as a human being.
Let it go and focus on being co-parents.

She doesn't sound all that more toxic than you to be perfectly honest.

Go be better with someone else, and find some grace when it comes to the woman who is the mother of your child. Your animosity over her sex life is pointless and counter-productive. You may not be able to create a home with her and your son, but you can create a co-parenting relationship where you butt the hell out of exes' sex life and focus on just being a parent, and not fixating on your role as jilted or resentful ex.
You probably want to begin by trying to connect with an individual therapist (not a couples therapist) to get you a place to talk through the particulars and make some thoughtful choices. 

You want to leave the house, and in the short term, that is probably a good idea but you may want to speak to a lawyer if you're concerned about how that impacts your legal standing. Staying close by would definitely be wise, and maintaining regular contact and support for the children. 

If it doesn't matter where you live, then you live near were your children are right now. That is the default. 

I don't know where you are living, but you should recognize it takes way more than a night in jail to stop you from seeing your children. The child have a right to know you and have access to you, and no court is throwing that r*ight of the children* away over a verbal fight. Catastrophizing isn't going to help you here. What is going to help you is focusing on being a present and available parent. That should be the foundation of your decisions. 

But get some distance (in the short-term), and some support from an individual therapist and a lawyer.
>He definitely wants to fix it.

If this has been your whole relationship and he's never spoken to a therapist, or sought a sliding scale or a free support group, or read a damn self-help book from the library, then he doesn't really want to fix it. He wants to *seem like* he wants to fix it so you'll continue to tolerate it.

You're both benefiting in some way from this unhealthy dynamic and you both need to admit it to yourself and eachother.
He needs to realize this has to be fixed. If he wants a healthy relationship with anyone, ever, and certainly if he wants to marry you.

He may hate this about himself, but as long as he tolerates it about himself it has the impact of guilting and silencing his partner.

You can't remedy this for him. He has to do it for himself, and for you.
This was my ex too.

I tried desperately to point out that he'd reply with "No..." as the first word out of his mouth, even when I was 99% correct. Or if had just used a word/term he deemed 'less accurate' then the one in his head. 

He expected me to make all the effort to make myself understood, but not to have to put himself out for a second to try and understand.
I wouldn't. I would text him after I post it.

Conversation can evolve from there, or not. 

Make sure you know the policy at your company, but if there is no risk of a direct reporting issue, this is just a question of mutual interest.
I'd start by asking if she's changed her mind about porn.

The deception *is a major* problem, but struggling with a change of opinion on a loaded topic like porn, can be very different than a hypocrisy or betrayal. Unless you're in a race toward divorce, your best path forward is an open conversation about porn and frame it as an upsetting and confusing, but valid, change in her choices and opinions, and not a personal attack.

You saw what you saw. You're confused. And more than a little hurt.

Try to put aside your assumptions about what she thinks, or how she feels, or even how often she's engaging with. Try to approach the conversation as an opportunity to reset the understanding about porn and just porn. (It's possible she might still think it's wrong and be disgusted with herself, which would also account for her physical withdrawal from you.)

If she struggles to be forthcoming, recommend couples counselling urgently, to help moderate this important conversation. Don't spend too much time banging your own head against the wall and fixating on the betrayal.
Go back to therapy and figure out what kind of relationship, if any, you'd like to have with your mother and what steps you need to get there. That could absolutely include cutting her off, or minimizing contact. 

It's totally valid to feel like you do, and it's really mature and wise of you to be able to recognize that your mother has changed and is making efforts. You don't have to feel bad. You're clearly trying to be fair to her and the person she is today, but that doesn't mean your feelings are totally valid. Be fair to yourself too and get some more support for this stage.
TBH, I often forget this is criminal in the places where most Redditors live.

A few times I've given advice like "That's not something you can reasonably expect from a match/hook up. You're looking for a very specific *service*, and you should be hiring someone and tipping well." and completely been oblivious to the fact I was suggesting a crime.
You cannot control how he feels.

You can tell him you're concerned, that's fair, but don't get into specifics.

You're concerned he's stressed out, and overworked. You're concerned he won't accept advice, or listen to doctors on the best way to manage his pain or his diet.

Don't assume you have the answers. Don't be your mother's little helper. Speak for yourself and admit you're worried. You want better for him than he seems to be choosing for himself and as someone who loves him, that makes you sad.
You're a piggy bank for a man who hid his child from you for four months.

The fact he's an unreliable dad isn't something you can fix for him. 

Being a reliable parent means *showing up*. He cannot do that without the financial support of the new GF *he lied to*. 

You made the first right decision. The second right decision is removing this person from your life.
But she thinks your lusting after your sister. However wonderful you think you ex is, that is what she thinks of you. She thinks at best, you lack boundaries, and at worst, that you are incestuously obsessed with your sister! 

That really should be insulting and offensive enough to help you get past this.

Your ex has shown you who she really is. She's possessive and jealous and willing to make up *extremely* offensive insults in the attempt to isolate you from your sister and her kids.
You cannot fix crazy.

Your problem is that you're trying to fix crazy.

And why would you want to date someone ignorant and stubborn? Really...

Your *ex-*GF has decided to believe something absurd and offensive about you. You're never going to reason her out of it. You shouldn't be trying to work through it. You should be removing someone who thinks such irrational and hateful things about you from your life.
You need to stop. Seek therapy.

It is extremely unlikely this man was going to pick you, if you'd just agreed to go home with him after the first date. That's not realistic. It's a fantasy story you're telling yourself just to beat up on yourself. You keep shifting the details but the core of it remains true: He met someone else.

It is a good idea to be upfront up walking to book a second date with someone you're into, but that probably wouldn't have change the outcome here. 

He connected more with someone else. 

It's just a rejection. It's a normal part of dating.

The way you are behaving here on Reddit suggests you are not ready to be dating and handling normal rejection as part of that process. Stop fixating. Speak to a therapist.
Stop supporting and start laying down some expectations.

If he's not a jealous person, then the way he is treating you (and N) is irrational and unkind.

That drunken attack was not acceptable. He doesn't need to be coddled, he needs to be told this isn't an acceptable way to deal with whatever he's feeling.

You have been nothing but open to working with him on this, but he continues to make it *your problem* to live with his shitty attitude and random accusations, followed by gaslighting-eseque denials. It's not kind to you. It's not respectful of you. He needs to do better because this is a shitty way to treat your partner who is very, very willing to adapt this friendship to address your feelings. 

Stop trying to be his therapist, and tell him to get his damn ass to an actual one if he's experiencing intense feelings he cannot speak with you honestly about.
You're incompatible.

And she basically said she feels she needs too (and is entitled too) *financially punish you* in order to stop you from becoming lazy? Why does she want to marry you if she thinks that you need to be threatened with higher costs in order to perform and set goals? Yuck.

But honestly, the even bigger long-term issue here is disagreements about parenting, like the importance of private schooling. If the rest of this doesn't scare you, that should *terrify* you. That disagreement is going to harm the children. 

She's told you she is going to be constantly chasing status and making comparisons between your family (you) and everyone else's family. If don't share that 'keeping up with the Jones' mentality and want to spend big to keep up public appearances, then you're signing up for misery.

Also, she's way too old to be this much of a brat.
Don't do this.

Use the letter to sort out your thoughts, but then, if you really need to express these thoughts to him and have decided to take the risk, do it face-to-face.

Whatever the outcome, you'll feel far, far more confident and at peace with it if you do it face to face. I promise. It's scarry to do things the right way, to get a clear answer, but that's the better path, and believe it or not, if you're gonna get rejected, it'll hurt less that way.

If you cannot face this risk, in person, then you shouldn't be taking the risk at all.
He's not a faithful man. He never has been.

Can you be secure and healthy with someone you cannot reasonably expect to be faithful to you?

You are being naive. These are not "challenges". This is him making choices. Major changes in character and in core choices are rare, and they have to be internally motivated. Unless he has explained clearly why he has changed his choices moving forward, for himself and the life he wants for himself, and not just to appease you, there is no reason to believe he will not choose what he feels perfectly entitled to choose: Which is to engage with sex workers and lie to you about it.

You're 23. You got a hell of a lot more life left. I wouldn't recommend wasting any more of it on this one.
Nothing about that ran out as rhetorical to me. If it was an attempt to persuade OP of anything else except that you believed her to be held culpable for being emotionally abused and manipulated for years, it was not well stated...
>Yet here you are. Claimed it was a joke to brush it off. As if not trying to get him mad at you for lying to you. Thats pretty wild, and makes no sense.

It makes perfect sense for someone in an eight-year partnership, who is used to being silenced, lied to and made deliberately distressed. You stop responding reasonably to the manipulation and abuse because "reasonable" responses to it, never stopped the behaviour in the past. You get confused. Direct communication feels impossible. That is *the goal* of this kind of abuse. To make it feel impossible and pointless to respond in the reasonable ways -- with legitimate anger or clear boundaries -- that you assume OP should. It doesn't happen overnight, it's not all OP's fault. They cannot fix him by being better. Their responses to being abused are flawed, but very human. This is the kind of flaws that ongoing abuse will bring out in most of us.

This isn't enabling. This is the misfiring of survival instincts and toxic coping techiniques, after years married to an emotional abuser.

It doesn't get better for OP until OP gets out.
You're supposed to leave the man who is either so conflict adverse he is unwilling to admit when he hasn't done something, or so maliciously and gaslighting abusive that he takes pleasure in manipulating you and making you suffer.

This is a big deal. He's acting more like an unhinged prison guard, than a partner. 

At some point, it stops mattering if he does this because he is weak and fearful and cannot admit when he has failed to do something, or if he does this because he takes pleasure in abusing you. The end result is the same.
He's a game-playing numbnut divorcee who wants to be chased, even as he's telling you that he is not available to be caught. He wants to feel desired by you, and others, without actually having to offer anything of himself or do any of the hard work of being more than just 'nice'. 

Just end contact. There is nothing here for you but drama.
So, all these people like each other more than they like you.

Which sucks for you, but isn’t a fight you can win. There is not “letting” these adults make their own choices. There is only you deciding what relationships you still want to be in. 

It’s not your flat. You’re not on the lease. These other people (the “subletter” and your girlfriend) were invited by the person who does lease the flat. You didn’t do them an act of kindness. It wasn’t yours to give to them. 

The core issue here is that your GF doesn’t want to move in with you when you return. She’s not prioritizing living with you. That’s plenty of reason to decide the relationship cannot or should not continue, but this narrative you have about other people taking advantage of you or victimizing you is nonsense. They disappointed you is all. You had a room in someone else’s house and that someone else has invited others instead. 

If you don’t want to continue with your GF, don’t. But drop the rest of this bullshit.
I'd consider it a rather serious red flag if a man used the word "emasculating" at me, in anger, because I had achieved personal success or experienced personal stress. Both of these are human things. 

He's telling you he thinks his achievements and his stress and carry more meaning than yours. Because he's a guy and you're a girl. This is a serious issue. 

You need to stop building him up about his career, and instead tell him plainly that he is not entitled to *rip you down* because of his own twisted ideas about women and men, or his own negative feelings. He needs to manage his feelings without explosions of anger, or gendered insults. Those behaviors should be dealbreakers. 

Emasculating is not a word he should be using, or even thinking, when it comes to your career path or achievements.
Yeah. I don't get it.

My parents are rather happily married for 40 years. They are both basically good people, but they described their vows as 'sincere, workable wishes', which is the best way I think you can look at it and something I practice with my partner now. It's not a prison sentence. It's a promise to work hard, and work first, at this shared wish. And also to stop working and go on wishing the best for one another, if we find no amount of effort means we can stay in the partnership without being miserable!
Yeah. So... **“Friends” speak once, and then hold their peace, or remove themselves.**

That is how you deal with a serious concern about a friend's choice in partner, respectfully.

And I'll happily agree, for the second time, **they may be toxic and we can’t know.**

I don't think you're being the critical thinker you imagine you are.

But you do seem to be reflecting a common bias, where a body you find undesirable is immediately associated with behaviour or personality you assume is undesirable as well. There is nothing here that suggests OP is an unreliable narrator. While that is certainly possible, there usually are tells. I don't see any and you haven't pointed any out.

Your interpretation took way more assumptions than mine did.

All mine hinged on was the fiance not speaking up for his own choice to be with OP clearly to his friends... That's a pretty defensible take, whether we completely accept OP's reasoning or not. **Fiancé should still be standing up for his own choices — even if those choices are mistakes.**

You really should consider why *your story -*\- the one where OP must be toxic and the friends nobbling defending him from her *--* is the one you felt compelled to tell, and doubled down on. Because it didn't require critical thinking or skepticism, it required a rather fallacious-seeming leap.

The devil has plenty of advocates already, and playing one doesn't actually make you seem interesting or insightful. It just makes you sound like a motivated reasoner.
Why do you want to imprison this man with a wife who resents him and doesn't want to be with him? It's not like that's a great deal *for him* either. If OP isn't able to willing to change the shared goals and expectations she has, then he deserves to be free of her just as much as she deserves to be free of him. 

And do you think people didn't walk away from their partners constantly in the previous centuries, due to poverty or illness? 'Cause they did. In droves. Sometimes with a bit of social shaming, but far less than you might imagine. Men more than women, which is not a comment so much on men's general character, as it is their power and agency to leave a undesirable situations and seek greater comfort and convenience elsewhere.

It's so funny how individualism went awry just the time as when women achieved the most basic human rights and the ability to leave situations they found intolerable...
No. We don't get to dictate how others deal with objects or memories from experiences that were traumatic or abusive.

OP can absolutely bring his feelings and needs forward, but she doesn't have to do this "because the ex was abusive". If anything, the fact he was abusive may contribute to her connection to objects that represent the positive aspects of the relationships (because all abusers have some positive traits at times, that is how they entrap).
It does to me.

But also, these are very stupid and desperate criminals.
“Unlike the magic power to declassify documents by looking at them. He retained that until the very last second… and then some… yes.  “
I’d recommend these things get put away in a drawer, and from there, you “suck it up”.

Not because your feelings are irrational, but because grief — especially grief and processing after long term abuse — are super fucking complicated. 

You can ask her to do this work for you, and your comfort. That fair if it’s a thing you really need and boundaries you need to revisit, but I’d recommend you not force the issue. She’s very likely to let go of more in time, but two years after seven of abuse is not full processing time for most people.

She’s probably not holding onto _him_. She’s preserving the story of her own life.
You shouldn’t stay in a relationship you don’t want to be in.

Your husband needs to stop getting/seeking/staying at jobs where he is either not able to succeed, or his work ethic doesn’t line up with expectations. 

“Becoming successful” is not a reasonable expectation. If that is what you need, it’s probably time to walk away. Go date someone who already is. 

“Becoming stable, reliable, and less miserable” should be the shared goal and expectation of him, if you’re going to stay. That may include a major change of industry and/or changes in expectations about how he will contribute.
Laugh.

And then hopefully wake up from the strange dream where my partner and my father are not both rational and civil men who can resolve disagreements and do not order me around like a dog.
We always just have OPs pov, they are frequently manipulating the internet for validating responses. Do you jump in on every thread to remind us of that fact? Or just the ones where you suspect the “fat-card”? 

Look, if you think it’s not very probable that a group of people have deemed someone unworthy primarily due to their weight I do not know what universe you’re living in, cause it ain’t the one I inhabit.

I’ve happily agreed they may be toxic and we can’t know, but you seem to need more than that. You should ask yourself why.
“Friends” speak once, and then hold their peace, or remove themselves. 

They don’t speak about another persons body or level of perceived hotness as being a “huge mistake”

While it’s possible these two are poorly matched or toxic, there is nothing here to suggest it, and fiancé should still be standing up for his own choices — even if those choices are mistakes.
Does it matter?

>Most of the time he kept talking about his friends/family/coworkers and exes and only asked about 3 questions about me the entire time,

and

>I was like "no i dont kiss on the first date" and we kept talking about it untill he leaned in and kissed me.

This man is a boundary-busting, self-absorbed asshat who is not relationship material.

Unless you're just looking to get laid, move on. Frankly, even if you are, probably want to be moving on. A man that self-absorbed and indirect in his communication is a coin flip. Odds are not great he's a fun lay anyways. A guy who *asks you nothing about yourself*, is rather unlikely to get you off. 

Don't so be desperate to be picked by somebody that you chase after selfish little shits who basically ignore you as a person. Realize you get to do the picking too -- and then put this one back on the pile. Unless the earring is worth a small fortune, let it go along with this guy.
I think the real issue here is your fiance is refusing to *stand up for himself* with the people he calls friends. Which is sad, for him. And it limits your life together.

Basically, he needs better friends (or, to tell these friends they are *expected* to be better or to GTFO).
No. You probably shouldn't.

You should be speaking to a therapist about how to best move forward in your own life.

You still haven't sorted out the difference between her doing something wrong, and her doing something that disappointed you.

You're not expressing all that much love for her as a person, but for the role you have cast her in, and are frustrated she is no longer consenting to perform.

You're not owed a certain number of chances. And your family, as you previously envisioned it, doesn't "need to be back together". That is your preference. Not a fact of the universe. She doesn't have to agree. She doesn't agree.

These attitudes all make it extremely unlikely that you've done the work you need to be an independent and reliable adult. And even if you had done that work, she might *still* not want to reconcile. Because you're not owed a certain number of chances. She can just choose not to be in a marriage she doesn't want to be in, and she has.

Take these thoughts and feelings to a therapist. They do need to be addressed, but not by your ex-wife.
Your mother is dating an asshole. And what is worse, she knows it and she appears to have quietly approved of his behaviour. She 'warned you', when she should have said 'If you are verbally abusive to my son in your/his workplace, I will dump your childish ass.'

Don't talk to him. He's not relevant to you and if you're in a union situation you should *seriously* consider reporting him for threatening your workday/income because he's pissed off you didn't buy him a meal.

Tell your mother, kindly but firmly, that your invites do not include him unless you explicitly include him. You need to avoid these misunderstandings in the future by being clear if he is coming or not.
