

Trini Doubles, which are basically chana masala soft tacos and a variety of toppings.
Political fixer like Michael Cohen was. Their job is basically to threaten people on behalf of the rich and powerful.
If you ever make it to the Smithsonian, you can see [a couple there](https://www.si.edu/object/1-dollar-united-states-1804-class-i:nmah_1075589).
Might think about saving all the harassment messages your daughter is receiving and then play them for the son, reminding him that he is the cause of all this.
Yevgeny Prigozhin, aka Putin's soon-to-be successor:

>Prigozhin pointed to the social disparity underlined by the war, with the sons of the poor being sent back from the front in zinc coffins while the children of the elite “shook their arses” in the sun.  
“This divide can end as in 1917 with a revolution,” he said in an interview posted on his channel on the Telegram messaging app. “First the soldiers will stand up, and after that – their loved ones will rise up. There are already tens of thousands of them – relatives of those killed. And there will probably be hundreds of thousands – we cannot avoid that.”

Ordinarily talk like that would get you killed in Russia. If he's talking like that, he's going to be doing the killing.
Going to church.

There are plenty of shitty people who go to church. Some of them go because it makes them look virtuous, not because they're interested in spiritual guidance or improvement.
>Ask her how she would feel if you cheated on her

with a TEENAGER!
Was waiting for OP to say "I'm ALREADY the bigger person. I'm pregnant."

NTA

>My mom said no one did anything to her and she should take a moment to compose herself so she doesn't set a bad example for the kids. My sister in law told her to fuck off.

Brother: "You need to apologize!"

Let them have their self-imposed timeout OP. Apologizing would only encourage more of this behavior.
But OP is the clingy one.
Me: "Wow, he's really controlling...Ah he's 37 and she's 24. She doesn't know any better (yet) than to tell him to go pound sand."

The problem OP is that your bf is a controlling asshole. There's nothing wrong with your hair or the way you choose to wear it. The problem is him. He's trying to tell you what to do because the power dynamic in your relationship is tilted toward him (more established in his career, etc), so he feels entitled to dictate your actions. Start dictating some of his actions and watch what happens. He'll be beyond affronted that you dare tell him how to conduct himself. When that happens, it would be fun to say something like "So when one partner tries to dictate terms to the other, this is the appropriate response, right?"
NTA. Uninvite them. You're trying to do a super nice thing for them and they're giving you pushback (in the nicest way possible)? They don't seem very on top of things anyway, so stop asking about it and just let it fall off their radar. If they ever bring it up again, just say something like:

"Sorry, they needed the passport information weeks/months ago and you told me to stop asking you about it, so we booked it without you."
>“Ava and Liam’s roles”

The entitlement is so galling. Maybe line up the other grandkids who always get overlooked to walk the fur babies down the aisle, and let the rainbow babies sprinkle petals or something. It's time the other grandkids got a chance.
>I can tap into my creativity and work with my hands.

Cabinetmaker.
Or even offer to pay!! Think of all the food that OP would require, and the non-stop supervision required. This was an insane ask, let alone assumption.

NTA OP, but it sounds like they're used to walking all over you. You put a stop to it this time, but think about making it a habit. No more being a pushover for these entitled jerks.
>My cousin thinks I'm being a complete AH. That this isn't how family treats each other.

Well she's right about that not being how family treats each other, but completely wrong about who the AHs were.
>He added that when he'd originally told he loved me it was because he felt like that's what people "should" be saying and he's not sure if it's "it" due to limited dating experience.

What is there to decide? He doesn't think he loves you and was just going through the motions. Personally, I wouldn't be able to get past that comment and would be working on the logistics of separating things and moving on.
There's a great line in the movie An American President:

"They're trying to get us to swing at a pitch in the dirt. Nobody wins these things."

Don't take the bait OP.
This relationship has run its course. Onto the next.
And not just this guy either. From the article:

>Schnakenberg isn’t the only person to decline a job offer for the fall at Texas’ top flagship. Daniel Brinks, chair of the government department at UT-Austin, told lawmakers at a public hearing earlier this month that he made six job offers to fill two positions this spring and was turned down every time.  
“People turn down jobs for lots of reasons, but from what these candidates told me, the uncertainty around tenure was a big factor in our failure to hire this year,” he told the House Higher Education Committee.
Guess OP would be better served by phone recordings if in a single party consent jurisdiction.
NTA. Chloe ruining your friendships makes it your business. You've talked about this before. She doesn't get to bitch about boundaries while she's stomping on yours.
Kind of reminiscent of the [Wedding Crashers scene](https://youtu.be/LD0y-NOFM_Q) where Vince Vaughn is bitching about taking grenades for Luke Wilson who's focused on trying to make something happen.
I think it's fairly common for parents to want their kids to like something, or the idea of something, as much as they do.

"It was so much fun to go sledding on this hill when I was a little girl..."

"That's great mom, and I'm glad it's a nice memory for you, but I'm just not into it."
NTA. You have been shown that this is a toxic environment for both you and your son. Who needs to tolerate people talking shit? Let your husband go visit the fam - while keeping them on an information diet - and you can do other things with the kids.
But first the recipient needs to respond that it was really smooth how they violated tenancy retaliation laws - in writing no less.
Save any pertinent texts. They may be important in custody hearings if she tries to keep the kids from you.
NTA. Just loan Leslie a car to shuttle herself around (if you have one to spare), or pick up her Uber tab for her, but stay the hell away from her. Emily is being completely dense about the implications of the situation and is underreacting. You were just accused of scummy intentions. No further contact. In your place I probably wouldn't even speak to her when you encounter her. And she'd be blocked on the phone and everywhere else.
IKR??

"And they get in these heavy machines made of metal and drive towards each other at high rates of speed, only separated by 4 inches of paint."

"And the paint keeps them from hitting each other?"

"No, they can drive right over it. The paint can't stop them."

"But don't they crash into each other then? And get hurt?"

"Pretty often. In the US alone there are over 1.5 million car crashes causing injury each year. Over 35,000 accidents a year are fatal."

"Why would anyone take those risks?"

"..."
Clinton got re-elected after the 1995 standoff. Gingrich was forced to resign in 1998. From Newt's wikipedia page:

The electoral expectation was

>the party winning a net total of six to thirty seats in the House of Representatives.

&#x200B;

>But instead of gaining seats, Republicans lost five, the worst midterm performance in 64 years by a party not holding the presidency.
I'm referring to the 1995 standoff between Gingrich and Clinton. Details [here](https://theconversation.com/a-brief-history-of-debt-ceiling-crises-and-the-political-chaos-theyve-unleashed-205178). The important bits:

>There were unique aspects to this standoff. Dole was not interested in continuing the negotiation, as he was running for president. Gingrich made comments about being snubbed by the president while traveling with him on Air Force One, and the press had a field day with those comments, linking the shutdown to the snub. **Polling increasingly showed that the Republicans were getting blamed for the shutdown – a 1995 ABC poll indicated 46% blamed the Republicans and only 27% blamed the Democrats.**

Then in 2013, with Obama in office, this happened:

>At the same time, Republicans, who controlled the House, had demanded budget cuts as well as policy changes. They wanted Obama to eliminate the funding for his Affordable Care Act, which was considered his major legislative achievement.  
The government was shut down once more, for 16 days. **Again, public support for the Republican approach began to erode. That led the GOP to capitulate and adopt a budget that did not include significant cuts, and raised the debt ceiling, all in a vote the day before the government was slated to run out of money.**  
“We got nothing,” said conservative Republican Rep. Thomas Massie from Kentucky.
Tile installer.
Even as a kid, I was like, wow, those seem dangerous!
NTA. Enough is enough. This wasn't a spur of the moment decision, and this was the culmination of a long-term pattern of abusive behavior for which he refused to get help. It was not a healthy relationship, and for your own well-being, you needed to get out.

Your friend is WAY out of line.
Here's a [video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ekA6Wi-uBRM) with this technique.
Last time the GOP drove the debt ceiling into the wall, they were pummeled for it in the next election. They can try to spin all they want, but history is against them getting a good outcome.
Dems have already [made a deal](https://www.politico.com/news/2023/05/16/centrist-dems-mccarthy-debt-fight-00097051) to protect him - in this instance only - if one of his gadflies tries it.
"Be back later Honey! All the guys are going over to dndrinker's to look at his bud-hole."
Maybe get cameras on the fence in case neighbor decides to 'help' the fence get into a state of disrepair.
Is the line on the tongue saffron?
Remember that scene in Hunt for Red October where they evaded the torpedo and it looked for a new target to acquire? That's what would happen with MAGA/QAnon. Some would probably latch onto Desantis, others onto various media personalities. There'd be an internal civil war as the different factions advocated for their chosen figurehead and denounced anyone who thought otherwise. Lots of rage. Likely some violence.
>I chose her abuser over her by going

But you didn't. He's gone and received no emotional benefit from this. It was for you and your relationship with your half-brothers, who, while you don't say, presumably had nothing to do with your father being a bad person and are part of your family.

You chose correctly. Her demand, while understandable, was not fair to you.
Perfectly put.
I hope it's nothing, but this is concerning: [Missing 30 ton shipment of explosive chemicals](https://www.kqed.org/news/11949697/california-officials-trying-to-track-down-missing-30-ton-shipment-of-explosive-chemicals)

There's [stepped up security measures for politicians](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/senators-issued-satellite-phones-new-security-measures/), due to a [massive increase in threats against public officials](https://time.com/6227754/political-violence-us-states-midterms-2022/):

>There were more than 9,600 recorded threats against members of Congress last year, a jump of nearly tenfold from 2016, according to Capitol Police records.  
>  
>Threats against federal judges have spiked 400% in the past six years, to more than 4,200 in 2021. Of 583 local health departments surveyed by Johns Hopkins University researchers, 57% reported that staff had been targeted with personal threats, doxing, vandalism, and other forms of harassment during the pandemic. The U.S. Justice Department was forced to create separate task forces to combat the intimidation of public officials—one focused on threats to education workers, the other on threats to election administrators. So far, more than 100 of the latter have “met the threshold for a federal criminal investigation,” according to a statement from the agency.

Things may be chill where you are, but from what I see in the news, we're just a couple of lunatics away from carnage.
The cost of healthcare in the US is the biggest threat to any American's long-term financial well-being. One significant costly health event and you're toast: college funds, retirement savings, home equity (if you're lucky enough to have any these days) - gone.
The regular Bible is full of occult/hidden teachings. There are several instances where Jesus speaks to the multitudes (exoteric teaching), and then has a separate expanded teaching to his disciples (esoteric teaching).

Beyond his disciples, he acknowledges those in the crowds who possess higher levels of understanding, and calls out to them to parse the inner message:

Luke 14:33-5  
33 In the same way, any one of you who does not give up everything he has cannot be My disciple.  
34 Salt is good, but if the salt loses its savor, with what will it be seasoned?  
35 It is fit neither for the soil nor for the manure pile, and it is thrown out. **He who has ears to hear, let him hear.**"

Mark 4:9  
And he said, “He who has ears to hear, let him hear.”  
Matthew 11:15  
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.  
Revelation 2:7   
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches. To the one who conquers I will grant to eat of the tree of life, which is in the paradise of God.’  
Mark 4:23  
If anyone has ears to hear, let him hear.”  
Matthew 13:9  
He who has ears, let him hear.”  
Matthew 13:15  
For this people's heart has grown dull, and with their ears they can barely hear, and their eyes they have closed, lest they should see with their eyes and hear with their ears and understand with their heart and turn, and I would heal them.’  
Revelation 3:6   
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches.’  
Revelation 2:11   
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches. The one who conquers will not be hurt by the second death.’  
Luke 8:8  
And some fell into good soil and grew and yielded a hundredfold.” As he said these things, he called out, “He who has ears to hear, let him hear.”  
Revelation 3:13  
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the churches.
Could use the Lightning network to do low cost conversions from US$ to LBTC to Euros
Insurance
No, but it's already getting much more violent, and I think it will get worse before it gets better. I think we're inches away from another 1968 with political assassinations.
It was included in the extended scene. You can watch it [here](https://youtu.be/jzkDRz8quKo?t=147).
Latvia. Click the link to the tweet above.
The tweet says Latvia.
Thank god for the Happy Cow app.
NTA, and while I don't recommend this tactic for you, OP, my wise ass would start buying him birthday presents that he wouldn't like since you 'know better'. Same for mom.

"Merry Christmas! I got you matching his and hers butt plugs!"
That Ghosted movie with Chris Evans and Ana de Armas was pretty unwatchable. Terrible dialog, no chemistry, unoriginal rehashed plot. It was basically a bad inverse remake of Knight and Day, except Chris Evans' character is way less appealing than Cameron Diaz's June was. Not worth the investment of time. Did not finish.
>He'd even talk about his exes a lot to get me jealous. It was so toxic. He would say disrespectful things about my family members as well. He never cared about my feelings. He's always been self-centered and controlling. I never felt valued or respected.

Your mental health will be even worse letting this back into your life.

It sounds like the real issue is you need more HEALTHY social contact. He's not that.

Find some clubs or other groups to hang out in so you get some social contact. Are there any meetup groups where you are? You can also volunteer for the cause of your choice, or even help the community theater group paint sets.
Get great sleep the night before, stay away from sugar all day, drink caffeine to get an alternate stimulant in your system, write EVERYTHING down that day so you have a list to work and you don't forget to come back to something if you have to pivot to a different task. Try and front-load brain heavy tasks to the morning when you'll be sharpest/best rested.
Did you take a picture when you visited the grave? Why not just re-create it, then you'll be the page owner.
This is selfish disrespectful behavior, not a culture gap. You've discussed this with him and he doesn't see it for what it is.

I'm fond of the '[Rules of the Car](https://youtu.be/S4V8vrpH1L0)' clip from Transporter 2 because it so succinctly encapsulates the importance of comportment and showing respect for others.

Your bf does not show respect for others in his comportment. I'm amazed you've put up with it for 9 years.
I love the idea of posting this reddit post to mom's social media account. What's good for the goose...
Daughter: "I need help. I don't know how to handle a situation that makes me feel unsafe."

OP: "Sucks to be you."

YTA. You are teaching your daughter that you don't have her back and that when she's faced with a dangerous situation, she's on her own because to you, she's not worth the trouble. The most important job a parent has is giving their kids a safe environment to grow up in. You're failing her.
This would actually make a good response to the recruiter:

"It sounds like you haven't budgeted for this role and this is just a ghost listing for you to assess the market. I'm not interested in spending my time for your research. You can contact me when you have a real role open and an actual budget for this position."
>Ofc he’s a player if he dates at work.

By that logic OP is a player because she dates at work.
Anything by Neil Gaiman. Stardust was a fun read.
Could be upgrading appliances and need to know what size they are so the new ones fit.
Could try craigslist, flea market, thrift stores.
You could also possibly sublease some space from a tenant who's not vacating, but is stuck in a lease for more space than they need. Start talking to commercial tenants too and see if anyone 'knows someone who knows someone' who could sublet.
This is it. Damned if you do and damned if you don't.

However OP, you could have told Kenny that she was your cousin a year ago and then leave it for him to handle as he saw fit.
Not sure if this will lead anywhere, but commercial property landlords are under pressure right now due to low occupancy/WFH. Might be a thought to talk with some commercial landlord groups to see if you guys can help each other out. You need a space with a sweetheart deal, they need - or soon will need - tenants. You might also be able to assume a lease for a bankrupt tenant, etc. Maybe start by looking around for suitable spaces where the occupant recently vacated/went out of business. This is kind of a unique moment in the world of commercial property. See if you can find an advantage for yourself in these circumstances. Just by starting to talk to these folks, you might network into an unusual situation that could work for you.

This doesn't get you capital, but it might make it so you need less of it to get started.
Great idea! Nice build.
That was my take as well - that these were put in the fridge, and the condensation resulted in the bloom.
Perfect!
>Sometimes I feel guilty and ta for being the reason their friendship ended.

NTA. SHE was the reason their relationship ended. You can't endlessly disrespect someone's partner and expect there to be no relationship consequences. This was all on her.
This opinion piece brought to you by the Russian Disinformation Agency.

Standing up to Russian aggression IS sending a message to China about likely outcomes of Chinese aggression. It's a twofer.
>over the years, I’d be lying if I said I didn’t think about him every now and then.

If for no other reason, might be good closure to meet for coffee, discover the spell has been broken by the events that transpired, and you can finally evict the idealized version of him from your head, because that version doesn't really exist.

To answer your question: A year or two later? Not likely. 8 years later? Possibly. Those are prime maturing years.
NTA. They've misidentified the douche in this situation.
The [classic Swingers bit](https://youtu.be/GRNSgQramLU): "Somehow they know not to come back until you really forget."

Your choice: new girl that's working out great, or ex who cheated on you once already, and whose distance situation is unchanged, giving her the opportunity to easily do so again.

Hmm. Tough call. Best case scenario you're her plan B. Things didn't pan out with plan A so here she is.
Adult swimming lessons are a common thing. Just search for that term.
They talk about how they're a 'patriot'.
When did Veganic close? I loved that place.
Don't talk shit if you don't want to be quoted.
NTA, but mom is for committing you (for no compensation!!) without even talking to you.

You have your own life to live. Helping out now and then is one thing, but them demanding that you  do uncompensated full-time childcare is outrageous. You did not create this situation, and you are not responsible for fixing it.
>She tells me that Monday morning she went to see the guy. Went to his house, to his bedroom, and they talked for an hour or two. She says they talked for a while and then he confessed he had feelings and she told him she liked someone else and that it wouldn’t work.

This is the sign of a decent person. She didn't ghost. She didn't text. She had a face to face with him and set things straight. You seem really hung up on the idea that she might have had sex with him.

&#x200B;

>Wednesday night we have a deep talk and tell eachother we have feelings and we really like eachother. Still not dating.  
The next morning she texts me saying “I need to tell you something” oh god.

She didn't want to become official until she had given you full disclosure. Another sign of a decent person.

Sounds like you're on the verge of a good thing with a good person. Choose your next steps carefully. You already know there's another guy out there who would be happy to take your place. If you screw this up even temporarily due to your insecurities, giving him an opening, it might easily become permanent if things work out with the other guy.
>I’ve been talking to a girl for a few months and fell in love with everything about her

Dude. You are getting way ahead of yourself for a girl who isn't even emotionally available. You need to dial it way back. You're setting yourself up for frustration and pain. She can't give you what you want right now.
Is the 40 acre parcel rural? Forested or farmland? If cleared and rural, why not lease it our for farming until you figure out some other use for it?
So convenient! You can sit on the can and stir your scrambled eggs on the stove at the same time.
Yes. Just dive right in: "Dude! Did you sleep under a bridge? Into the shower with you before we go anywhere. And you're NOT putting those clothes back on."

As a guy, I would say that to a guy. Don't make it awkward or weird. Just be direct and matter of fact.

Sometimes people just need to hear it straight.

If he gets offended about his ripeness, continue to give it to him straight: "We are not hanging out with you smelling like that. Your call if you want to fix it or dip."
INFO: How bad are the mosquitos where you're planning to deploy this?
Great article! In that article is link to a painting called [Supper at Emmaus](https://artsandculture.google.com/asset/supper-at-emmaus-pontormo-carucci/MwHPzvKeSKDjPA?hl=en) (painted in 1525) and the descriptive text below the painting says:

>Following the Council of Trent (1545 -1563) the eye of God seen above replaced the three-faced head of the Trinity.

So it seems like the all-seeing eye image came out of that council, or at least the prescription for its use in art did.
I know that, but the law already exists to address the issues in two person relationships. My point was that the law is not capable of addressing those same issues in >2 person relationships. I don't think the law would legally recognize more than 2 parents in an adoption, for example.
He probably wasn't aware of the circumstances at first and now he is. When the drama settles down, he'll likely reach out and apologize.
OP, you are the greatest of all time at being u/shutupfruitcup
Would be??

Dude, you realize the far right has ALREADY resorted to violence, right? This isn't a hypothetical conversation. Jan 6 is the obvious exhibit A, but there's the [Boogaloo murders](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/2020_boogaloo_murders), Charlottesville, any number of recent shootings perpetrated by far right ideologues, [Garcia](https://www.timesofisrael.com/texas-mall-shooter-had-swastika-ss-tattoos-online-posts-show/) being but the latest example.

The violence ship has sailed.
Looks like he has his undeveloped twin curled up in there.
That would be a no from me.
NTA. You can only afford what you can afford. Sounds like you did what you could from a distance.
NTA. Sometimes people need help setting healthy boundaries.

However, more concerning is that not 1, not 2, but all 3 adult kids don't seem to want to have much more than a transactional relationship with your husband. Might be worth looking at why that is. In his shoes, it would certainly make me reflect on my own contribution to this dynamic. Might be too late to repair things, but maybe not.

If your husband has a guilty conscience about not being the best dad, that could be driving some of this behavior. Does he feel like he has something to atone for?
Mannigan or Madigan would be better. If you hit it big and people need to ask a bookstore if they have a book by Sean Morrigan, it could easily be confused for Morgan.
This was Ghost in the Shell, no? That character was Major. Lucy is a different movie.
I think we agree. The only point I was trying to make is that I inferred from OPs question that they were merely asking if it should legal or not, and that my comment was there were many legal ramifications other than thumbs up or thumbs down that would need to be considered. Family law in general would have to be reviewed and modified in multiple areas because of its inherent assumptions.
That's kind of my point though. In a polycule, would there need to be a change in law to allow for more than two of the partners to be legal parents?

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Adoption, sperm donors, surrogacy. Families can have many origin stories.
>So, in a polygamy relationship, we would still know who the parents of a child is, and the rights and duties in connection with the child would stay with the two actual parents.

How would that work in cases of adoption?
And before the Middles ages you have Boudicca who rampaged across Britain during the Roman occupation.
"Don't forget about..."

And just leave it. Give enough context leading up to the moment that it could be anything - paying the mortgage, getting the important papers from the secret hiding place, me, to get that mole on your back checked out, to call about test results, to read that letter you haven't read where I describe finding the child you thought was dead.

But just end it there so the reader, like the fictional recipient of that message, just starts mentally cartwheeling through all the possibilities. A bit maddening for the reader, but fun to set up.
>in this life

Karma can play out over multiple lifetimes, so maybe, maybe not. Someone responsible for genocide may require thousands/millions of lifetimes to 'get what they deserve'.
I personally dislike being fussed over, so while others might revel in being pampered, I prefer my service to be more self-serve.

For example, several years ago I connected through Bahrain from London on Gulf Air. It seemed like every 20-30 minutes, they were coming up the aisle with hot hand towels, fresh dates, etc. No pressure, no hovering, just availability if you wanted it, and it was always some small well-considered nice-to-have at regular intervals. I loved that experience.
My point was that laws around marriage take as their starting point that it's a two party arrangement. Making polyamory 'legal' as OP said would likely require a prenup/medical power-of-attorney for all participants so that it would be clear how things would shake out when disagreements arise on parenting, medical care, inheritance issues, child custody, how liabilities are handled.

In traditional marriage, one spouse is incapacitated, other spouse is not, so 'who gets to decide' medically is pretty clear. In a poly situation, 'who gets to to decide' absent any legal directives, isn't clear at all.
There are many ramifications to the term 'legal'.

For example if one spouse is in a hospital incapacitated, the other spouse can make the call on extraordinary medical measures. If someone has multiple spouses and they disagree on what should be done, how would that work?

If there are children in the relationship and the adults disagree on vaccination for example, how does that work?

If there are children and one party wants to leave, how does physical custody, legal custody, child support work?

You're just talking about the relationship between the adults, but what about other family members? What if one person receives an inheritance? Becomes financially liable in lawsuit or accidentally kills someone in a crash? How would relationship assets work in the event of liabilities?
I wasn't harping on GMO generally. There have been regular genetic selection methods employed to get us where we are. My larger point was that in the quest for better durability and shelf life, flavor was secondary in importance.

And an heirloom variety from say the 1930s would already be on the trajectory of compromise. That's why I set my time window to 100-200 years ago.
NTA, but she didn't do this in a vacuum.

>I didn't feel comfortable attending a wedding when I knew she was the reason some children lost their father.

Why, in your eyes, does the guy get a pass? This is his doing as well. He was not a virtuous husband and father who was somehow led astray by your friend. If you're objecting on moral grounds, why aren't you objecting to supporting a wedding where BOTH parties broke up a family?
Call the small claims court clerk. Ask if hearings are online or if you need to do them in person.

If online, you should be able to do this by mail. Forms to file are likely online. You'll need to hire a local process server. The court could likely recommend some.
In a factory farming world, any commercially available fruit or vegetable has been tweaked so it travels better, has a better shelf life. I think of Paw Paws that are generally only available in the areas where they're grown because they don't travel well.

I'd like to try any and all apples, oranges, pears, cherries, berries, nuts, and common garden vegetables from 100-200 years ago. Same with breads made from non-GMO wheat, rye, etc. Can you imagine how much better the cornbread must have been back then? Even just regular old corn on the cob. It would be nice to know what the ancestors tasted.
KISS Army representing.
>DeSantis deserves this, he's single handedly made Florida a shit hole.

But it isn't single-handed though. He's had the crucial assistance of a complicit legislature and toadies throughout the state apparatus. It's a fascist cabal, not a lone actor.
>Like he was on his deathbed and struggling to breathe but ignited with passion and anger. He said he didn't want to be the reason I was missing things.

Love your dad.
As George W. Bush [famously said:](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation-now/2015/05/17/george-w-bush-c-students-president-graduation/27488795/) "To those of you who are graduating this afternoon with high honors, awards and distinctions, I say, 'Well done.' And as I like to tell the C students: You too, can be president."
I really liked The Initiate trilogy by Cyril Scott, which is a great narrative form introduction to some of the concepts. Also The Inner Life by the theosophist Charles Leadbeater, which is pretty dry, and repeats itself a bit since it's a collection of lectures, but has good information. I also really like Ramon Stevens' Whatever Happened to Divine Grace, which to me is a good layman's guide to understanding how the universe works, stripped of specifics. Theos Bernard's Heaven Lies Within Us is the first book that helped me overcome monkey mind in meditation.
I wonder if she thought the most damaging thing she could do to him in response was out him as a scumbag to all the people closest to him in one shot. Dude’s entire family was there. There were definitely aftershocks for him. Probably had to go hide.

Can you imagine going back into work? “Hey how was the wedding/honeymoon?” Or worse, no one asks because the word is out and no one is talking to him.
Yes!! Let him pick up some potato salad from the grocery store. Save the good stuff for your family.
Starts? It already started.
I recommend books by [Geoffrey Hodson](https://www.theosophy.world/resource/articles/geoffrey-hodson-story). The Brotherhood of Men and Angels is a good place to start.
Never. I always have one ear tuned to what's happening on the stove while I bustle around.
Clearly the person who removed that was right-handed.
Looks great! Nice job.
Maybe old friend had an interest in you and sister wasn't sure about your relationship and said she should try and get in touch to see what's up. That question is an indirect way of asking if you're in a relationship.

Talk to sister first and figure out which way the wind is blowing. If friend is interested in seeing you, go from there.

If sister was trying to pass the buck to you, you can say the wedding is a year away, you imagine you'll take whoever your SO is at that time to the wedding.
Okay, semantically and technically, I agree with you: Mining itself is inflationary (slowly at this point), but other factors are counterbalancing that, with the aggregate effect being that the [circulating supply has leveled off in recent years](https://www.statista.com/statistics/247280/number-of-bitcoins-in-circulation/).

I guess, given the sub we're in the real question should be 'Is bitcoin a good investment?' I don't think so. But what OP's assertion is is that it's fake money.

I think OP was trying to make the point that bitcoin is fake money, and since it is fake money it's therefore a bad investment. I agree with the conclusion, but not the rest of it. It has features that make it a useful medium of exchange.

Privacy is not one of them, btw. Something like Monero would be better for that. Dollar transactions have no privacy at all unless you're transacting with cash in person, which elevates risk.
>Your example with Bitcoin being immediately exchanged for other currencies shows precisely that it is useless

Just because it's not fiat doesn't mean that it's useless. It's a feature, not a bug, as the saying goes. Its lack of centralized authority means that it can't be taken from you by another entity, unlike with the US seizing Russia's foreign reserves, cutting them off from SWIFT, etc. Fiat currencies move within the world's banking systems, which are subject to the control of the world's financial powers, and so can be taken from you for any reason.

If you want to conveniently send dollars/euros/etc. to a counterparty elsewhere in the world, you have no choice but to involve a financial institution. If you are one of the millions of unbanked who pay steep prices to use the likes of Western Union to do remittances, Bitcoin and the lighting network are a way better and frankly less predatory option to move money around the world.

I don't know what your definition is, but to me, that's not useless.

Circling back to your first statement - I'm not arguing that bitcoin should be treated as an investment or a store of value. People saw the rapid price appreciation some years back, wanted in on that, and the speculators piled in. Totally a speculative frenzy. You and I are in agreement on that.

But just like tulip bulbs had utility in that they could also grow flowers, bitcoin/lightning has genuine utility beyond being a target of speculators. That utility is often missed by people who only see bitcoin as a shit investment.
It's true that more will be minted into the next century, but the velocity is slowing way down. More than 19 million of the total 21 million have already been mined, so while the remaining time to mine makes dilution seem like a problem, we're only talking about <10% of the total, so not much dilution, and it will be very slow dilution. This will also be counterbalanced by circulating supply loss. There are many stories of people who junked their computers and lost their wallets, or lost custody by some other means - sent a transaction into the void - with the result being that a substantial amount of bitcoin is out of circulation either permanently or for a very long time. I don't think dilution is a significant consideration.
Eh, I'm not following your reasoning. There are plenty of currencies out there that have volatility, yet are still convertible to other currencies. While Bitcoin is being invested in by speculators seeing it as a store value, it is intended to be a medium of exchange. It does that. It's somewhat volatile, but it does that. People buy things with it. If you quickly move from your currency into bitcoin, pay for something with it, then the recipient converts it into their currency, the speed of those conversions should protect you from volatility risk.

You seem to be arguing that it's a poor store of value, and I'm with you there. But you're also arguing that it's fake money while it is literally being used as money right now. Your Ponzi scheme argument doesn't hold up. How is a public blockchain ledger that everyone can see hiding a Ponzi scheme? The total number of Bitcoins is finite, so there's no dilution or money printing, unlike with say, the US dollar or other crypto.
Silver lining: mom probably won't trot that story out at parties any more.

NTA I would take her up on her offer of not coming around when she's in attendance. She sounds incredibly toxic. Watch your mental health improve in her absence. You can visit relatives when you know she's not there.
>a win looks like Russia leaving Ukraine

Agreed if you're including Crimea.

It also includes the repatriation of all the children Russia has taken. Russia has blown a demographic hole in their own population, and they want those kids to help them recover from that.
Geez OP. You're polite and considerate to a fault.

Maybe flip the perspective around and see how this sounds: Is it terrible for a company to make you spend a lot of time in these interviews, string you a long and then give you a lowball offer?

This is YOUR time being spent. If the offer isn't good enough, decline and don't lose sleep over it. Sometimes things don't work out. **You are not responsible for their emotional state if they're mad that you don't take a subpar offer.**
If that was her idea of negging, she sucks at it.
Don't forget to let all the guests and vendors know so they can make alternate plans. Some guests may be taking time off that they could use elsewhere.
Wow. Creepy as hell 'souls of the damned' vibe, but I like it.
NTA, but someone needs to look in on the son. She said some damaging unforgivable shit to him. How's he coping? Someone needs to let him know that they're glad he's on this earth.
Maintenance would fix it soon enough. The suffering would be that long.

But it would be such a flex to let him know that he froze his ass off all week when OP could have easily fixed it if he wanted to. Let's him know the wages of a being a dick.
Never start work without the customer signing the estimate, ESPECIALLY if it's a new customer. If it's someone you've worked with a lot and trust, then you can be more lax.
I wasn't there so this is a second hand story, and took place shortly after the wedding, but at the reception: no one could find the groom, until they found him out in the limo having sex with one of the bridesmaids. The bride went back into the reception, stopped the band, took the microphone and told everyone there what just happened, naming the bridesmaid, and said the wedding would be annulled and all gifts would be returned. She totally took charge of the situation, but damn.
[Lansing Art Attack](https://www.lansingartattack.org/schedule-1)
Bahaha that would have been perfect.
This is actually a great one. Security issues come out like rain these days. Bookmark the CVE web site. When boss asks, pull up the site and say, "This new CVE just popped up and I'm looking into our potential exposure."

Boss: "What's a CVE?"

You: \[Starts to explain\]

Boss: \[glazing over, itching to exit the conversation\] "I have to run to a meeting, but keep me posted."
My experience is that the tone is set at the top, and they tend to hire for and allow behavior that matches theirs. That's true in companies of all sizes, not just small ones.
OP, do you really want whoever committed crimes with it getting out of prison and looking you up because you got their car and its contents? The smart play is to let the cops sell it. Who knows what might be hidden in it?
If all else fails, have the face to face, then send a confirming email afterwards: "Just confirming the details of our meeting today where you said X, Y, Z. Let me know if I misunderstood anything."

If they don't respond, that's a tacit admission that you understood correctly.
Great design! Simple yet evocative.
Would love for someone gifted at OSINT to tell him where he banks at, who his accountant is, where his kids go to school, his home address, the car he drives, his license plate number, court cases he's been involved in ([https://www.judyrecords.com](https://www.judyrecords.com)), etc.
OP it would be a good experiment to try w bf to track how often she calls him when he's available, versus how often she calls him when he's with you. Having proof that she's actively trying to pull him away from you could lead to a step in right direction, or not. Something to try if you're reluctant to give up the relationship just yet.
Red Ross!
>I put his dad's health at risk over nothing.

"Perhaps if you had witnessed the interaction, you would realize it wasn't 'nothing'."
Because Dallas and Fort Worth are well-known Ukrainian cities, and the longhorn is a well-known Ukrainian mascot. Isabella has next-level powers of deduction!
The only thing that makes sense then is that sister had it in her head that since she was the oldest, she should have the first grandchild, and you beat her to the finish line. It's stupid, but seems to fit the facts.
Guessing he hears squirrels/chipmunks/mice in the attic and is tracking the noise.
And there is no ring. So have your dad put the condo in your name only.

That's not pressuring your bf, only reflecting the current circumstances. These events need not be linked. Your bf is where he is. Your dad's terms are what they are. Let the events play out.

But...don't be surprised if the condo going under your name only upsets your bf, or don't be surprised if he suddenly wants to propose when that happens. And if that's the case, your bf is in this transactionally and not for you. Do with that information what you will.
As others have said, boss has already figured it out. But assuming you signed the 2 year contract, the terms would likely be that if you left, you'd have to reimburse boss for the cost of the course that he paid for.

So, assuming there are no other restrictions like a noncompete, just sign the contract, boss pays for the course, you leave as planned next year, pay boss back for the course, and off you go.
Plus changing the name would be discarding the goodwill that the current company name has. Bonehead move from a branding standpoint, assuming the current reputation is good.
What he stole was the company's [goodwill](https://www.investopedia.com/articles/investing/112814/how-calculate-goodwill.asp), which has value.
Third picture also shows 2 (maybe 3) replacement bits that are black/gray.
>I was always second to her in lots of things especially when it came to boys, but none the less here I was engaged to the love of my life and so happy.

She's not just jealous, she's angry that OP isn't sticking to her designated role as second best to her.

Sorry OP. This likely was never much of a friendship if the ground rules were that you had to be the designated second place in order to make her look good. She always wanted the spotlight. She announced her pregnancy at your event. Her non-efforts throughout the wedding planning were acts of slow-motion sabotage and causing stress for you.

You are well rid of her. Put your energy into relationships with people who want to lift you up, not hold you back.
Other countries are [warning their citizens about coming here](https://www.miamiherald.com/detour/article274840151.html) because of what’s been happening in Texas.
Jason Statham.
Presumably this tea mug is fabricated from low thermal expansion glass and should be good to go up to 100C. Thickness is not an indicator of borosilicate glass, and the mug may actually be soda lime silicate glass, not borosilicate. You can read up on it [here](https://ceramics.org/ceramic-tech-today/hells-kitchen-thermal-stress-and-glass-cookware-that-shatters).
If they make a bad offer, you can talk about offering it to other developers or even the general public and see what they might pay for it. Maybe the developers in your area are friendly with each other, or maybe another developer would love an opportunity to be a bump in the road for this one.
So assuming OP is being honest that he's done nothing to warrant this, and assuming that it's highly unlikely that the gf would accept disparaging testimony from a rando, the only conclusion is that Leah and David backstabbed him for some reason. They are not your friends, OP. Who else knew what was about to go down and could tell the GF something that she would accept without question? It's the only explanation.

First get the story out of someone. GF's parents sound promising as sources.

You have been slandered. You have suffered harm. Do you want your gf back after this? If so, time to go on the offensive.

Get a lawyer involved. Let Leah and David know that ruining someone's life has consequences.
>then leave the kids with me for a few weeks once everyone was “settled in”.

This is insane. They've never even met you.  I agree with Admirable-Tree's theory that she's scrounging for free child care for some reason. Guessing the reason for dumping her kids is not compelling or she would have mentioned it.

"I have brain cancer and will be down for 3 weeks. Can you help out?"

vs

"I want to go on a cruise and don't want to bring the kids. Step up for your estranged sister."
>If your wife cares for these kids, she will make your home a safe place for them instead of an interrogation room.

Can't upvote this enough.
Like the freedom for [developers to build in flood zones](https://www.texasstandard.org/stories/why-do-we-build-homes-in-flood-zones/) and leaving others holding the bag.
Not the new hire's fault, but unfortunately, you are "too busy with your own tasks" to take time to help him.
That looks like a Lear Sigler ADM-3A.
Wang?
Trust your feelings. Hers were not the actions of a person who loves you.
Unambiguous articles for promotion would fit:

“anything can be promoted, including a person”
I thought he was going for re-neg(otiate).
Your bf is mistaken. You are out of his league.
Shithole country.

Can't keep the lights on, killing their women, heavily armed, shooting each other at the drop of a hat. These are the same descriptors they would probably use for a describing what they would term a 'banana republic'.
>Should the deceased have minded his own buisness of should the killer be charged with second degree murder?

Sort of. The person who potentially might have 'minded his own business' WAS the killer, not the killed.

It's not a strong question. Much more pertinent is what the altercation was about. Were they arguing about baseball teams or was one of them trying to prevent the other from beating a child to death? Context matters, certainly when you're talking about whether a murder charge is justified or not. You seem to think that race is the only context that matters, but you're mistaken.
These are great OP! Thanks for posting.
And a direct flight would be MUCH easier on the pets.
Learning from someone who loves their subject and gets you to love their subject is an awesome experience. Enthusiasm is contagious.
>"You seem to be dealing with some pretty big feellings there, buddy. Are you sure you've correctly identified the little bitch in this situation?"

This is gold.
There's a difference between OP saying "I want this." and now-gf agreeing and saying "Deal."

The issue isn't OP's communication, it's the lack of an agreement.

OP even says:

>I understand that we were not official and she's done nothing wrong

They weren't official. GF has done nothing wrong. OP can feel his feelings, but there was no transgression, his trust was not violated.
Lot of rage there that had clearly been sitting for a while. Maybe some therapy would be a thought. Don't want to burn yourself up from the inside. I think Nelson Mandela said something along the lines of hate is like taking poison and hoping your enemies will die.
Giving notice before your one year was a tactical error. Now they can trump up a reason, fire you for cause before the one year mark, and force you to pay them back.
Slow walk the letter, pretend to be cooperative, then go after the one year date.
Talk to her. Bob will almost certainly forbid her from going if he can't go, and she may prefer you don't even formally invite her to avoid backlash. Bob might even like that because it will prove to him you two aren't as close as you were.

Best to quietly pregame the potential outcome of an abusive situation.
>She told me I was not being a good father.

NTA for what you said, but your mom was for saying this.
And water still stinks after passing through the softener? That's surprising. Back when we were on well water, we had a big old tank softener that we'd dump salt pellets into. Haven't used a kinetico.
Have you considered a water softener?
"You know what I'm even better at? Engineering."
[Judy Records](https://www.judyrecords.com/info) is an OSINT site for court cases.
We call them merit badge blitzes in this area. Op when you talk to the council, find out if any troops put on blitzes and contact that troop to participate in their next event.
>though that's not likely to go anywhere since there isn't any proof.

You were there. You witnessed it. You're the proof.
Others here are saying narcissism, but let me offer a possible alternative: I once worked with a guy who was married to a woman who really struggled with apologies. She was raised in a toxic household with several competitive siblings and apologies were weakness - it meant you had caved or lost.

She was otherwise a great person, and her husband just dealt with it, knowing her past and the baggage she carried.

OP, you would likely know if she had an upbringing similar to this. Otherwise, probably a narcissist.
1. There is a certain Zen to repetitive tasks that can make them quite enjoyable. When you're in the groove, you can think about other things, or just bliss out. When you're hiking, you're essentially doing the same thing for long stretches. Are you bored?
2. Different people appreciate different aspects of work. Some people don't want a lot of talking/interaction. And for those in factories, there are often teams that engender esprit de corps and take pride in their group's output. Some people like to work with their hands. Some people really appreciate the immediate gratification of doing a task and that task is done. In mental tasks, like engineering, sometimes you go down a road only to discover your approach won't work, and you have re-do or reconsider the task. People who like closure would hate that.

Before looking down on other jobs, consider that there are people out there who wouldn't want yours. Don't pity the content individual. It is wiser to try and emulate their contentment. 'Enough' is better than 'more'.
Yes - you don’t need the sister in your life either.
First press charges for assault.
Oh yeah, I'd forgotten about that ostensible claim by Anonymous that they were onto Rove's election-cooking schemes and had thwarted them. Hard to find articles on that. There's [this one](https://outfoxingkarlrove.wordpress.com/2008/11/01/documents-reveal-how-ohio-routed-2004-voting-data-through-company-that-hosted-external-bush-administration-email-accounts/) about the configuration. [Here's one](https://truthout.org/articles/anonymous-karl-rove-and-2012-election-fix/) about the story.

For those not familiar with the story, here's the gist:

>For example, consider Cleveland’s Fourth Ward. In 2000, Al Gore won 95% of that ward’s vote. But in 2004, the county reported its results after the 11:14 pm crash, and it showed that Kerry had only won 59% of the vote – a 35% drop without any explanation. There were several other abnormalities across Ohio’s post-server crash that delivered the state to Bush.

An election server crashed. Before the server crash, things were worse for Bush than after the crash, when votes seemed to have skewed in his favor. The story goes that Anonymous looked into this, compromised the vote stealing system ahead of time so Rove couldn't steal another election, and in 2008 when the server crashed and came back up, votes weren't flipped, so Obama won.
Same. I have a jade plant that I put outside in the summer months. When it's getting that much sunlight, the leaves redden. When the plant is inside in the winter months getting much less light, the leaves are green.

Has it been getting a lot of sun? If so, this seems normal. The leaves look firm and healthy.
There's also vegan pulled pork made with jack fruit. Looks like [this](https://www.noracooks.com/jackfruit-pulled-pork/).
2004 also gets an asterisk because we were on war footing/technically at war, and the electorate generally sticks with the incumbent during war.
Or even the remains of a springhouse used for cold storage.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

If he was .08 after 12 hours, he was about .24 12 hours earlier. [Source](https://www.drinkfox.com/information/alcohol-metabolism).
RTO policies are also being used as stealth layoffs by some organizations these days. They know people have moved away, they want to reduce headcount in a time of economic headwinds, but don't want the bad PR of a layoff. Solution: force RTO, lose some people and you get a workforce reduction without having a formal layoff.
Go to one of the big box store sites and search for something like 'White Glass Globe Shade with 3-1/4 in. Fitter'
This is next level revenge OP: Weaponized attention. Taking someone who has to be the center of attention and then making them the center of attention at the precise moment they don't want to be the center of attention.
...or if you have nothing (naught).
People who were either raised in a specific religion or who went through a significant cognitive process to arrive at their religion don't like it when something challenges the tenets of their religion. Most Christians believe in heaven, not reincarnation, and so view reincarnation as a threat to their worldview. They had everything (sometimes laboriously) figured out, what the rules were, and now you're telling them that their rules are wrong and they need to figure things out all over again.

No one likes to hear they got the assignment wrong and they have to re-do it.
>When I announced this to my boss, she gave me an immediate 17% raise and a verbal promise of a promotion "come 2023".

The verbal promise is never ever worth the paper it's written on. Don't make life decisions on verbal promises.
Dude, this is a complete replay of the last time. You knew what to do then. Do it now.
Incorrect link OP.
This. If she had a joint bank account with a parent, she needs to empty that account and open a new one at a new bank. Otherwise her mom can take all her money to try and force her back home.
>she thinks it’s fun she got on our nerves about this

People who think that aggravating other people is 'fun' are not nice people.
>2 people from our team just left within the last month, so our department is falling apart as well. My manager is awful and a micro manager- so I’ve been looking to leave for some time.

This is all you need to consider.
Great advice. And maybe go bowling. Moving around and doing something will help keep you from spiraling, let the subconscious mind come up with some ideas. Reach out to your network, let them know what happened, brainstorm some ideas.
Trust me - a lot of people who have been living in the States the last 10 years feel pretty alienated from their own country as well. The polarization is intense.
Rather than re-mount the bracket, why not just cut a strip of mdf to sit between the bracket and top?
I'm guessing the stabby part functions.

But yeah, not worth much. If you need it gone OP, I'd just donate it to a nearby theater group to use as a prop sword.
You can just say the job was not as advertised. It's a common thing, and an interviewer is unlikely to hold that against you. I would only mention the second job so it doesn't look like a pattern.
Robert Wagner: What really happened on that boat?
Love this!
Shame you won't be able to make that play tomorrow night...
Wow. That was stunning. Long to go through, but worth it. Bravo NYT Close Read staff.
Carly Simon needs to do a "You're so Obtuse" version.
Yes, by turning water into steam that is expelled, they consume it, so water needs to be replenished, just as fuel/heat source needs to be replenished.

For power calculations for a piston-based system, take a look at [this thread](https://www.smokstak.com/forum/threads/calculate-the-horsepower-of-a-steam-engine.141003/).

Steam turbines use [different math](https://www4.eere.energy.gov/manufacturing/tech_deployment/amo_steam_tool/equipTurbine).
Poor Georgia Engel. First Georgette and then this. It was the same character.
>discuss a plan and a timeline

They already did, he blew past the timeline. Now he's evasive.

Do your own plan OP. He needs time, you need out. Get out of your house and you can do a joint thing when/if he's ready.
Collies used to be so common as pets back in the day. Hardly ever see them any more.
So shocking that the group that always claims they're victims of false flag attacks would stage a false flag attack.
So just to be clear, you owe 80K on the car, 14K in OTHER loans, and 4K in CC debt?

You're upside down on the truck and can't sell it, or at least can't sell it without getting yet another loan to pay off the truck loan to clear the lien before selling.

So you're more or less 100K in the hole, not 14K from the sound of it.

But, if you could get a loan, pay off the truck, sell the truck, get something much cheaper, that would enable you to put probably at least 10K towards your debts, that would be a better situation than you have now.

Consolidation loan would probably be a good move if you could make it happen.
It could be glued back together and used as a display piece, but you won't be able to use it other than to maybe put some dry snacks out in it. Think M&Ms, pretzels, etc. Moisture would get into the cracks and cause problems, you won't be able to wash it properly, etc.

Salvageable as a display piece? yes. Otherwise no.
>She asked me if our friendship had the possibility of being saved and I said I needed time.

"No." was the correct answer here. What is there to save? The person you thought you knew does not exist.
Here you go: [how to replace sash weight cords](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v1TCKRmuEZc).

Rope tends not to last. You can get chain kits at a home improvement store.
Banh Mi, followed closely by [Trini doubles](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fcZiW9Y1B-8). It's a Caribbean street food
Darby O'Gill & The Little People

Story of the Weeping Camel

The Green Mile

Stardust

Legend of Earthsea

Constantine

The Witcher

Witchblade (also a series)

Star Wars

Pi

Kiki's Delivery Service

Spirited Away

The Sorcerer's Apprentice

Pan's Labyrinth

The Shining

1408
LOL! Post has a whiff of "I was into that band before they got popular" about it.

It's all good OP. You do you and don't worry about the crowd. Hopefully being into the occult isn't a fashion statement for you.

I'm not complaining that I can find smudging supplies at World Market now.
YTA. Your son is just starting to participate in the workforce, earn his own money, learning how to be an adult. He wanted to deal with his own affairs. You completely took away his agency and trashed his professional situation. Yes it was just a lifeguarding job. But the issue isn't him 'prioritizing work over family'. It's you yanking him from his first foray into adulthood and making it perfectly clear that to you, he's just a kid and what he wants doesn't matter to you.

You have seriously damaged your relationship with your son and you should apologize for your narrow take on the situation. In two years he's going to be 18 and not inclined to put up with your heavy-handed interference in his life. If you want to alienate your son, keep doing what you're doing. You may find that once he's 18 or 19, he no longer comes on family trips at all. And why would he? He's not respected as an autonomous person with his own goals.
"Don't drive angry!"
>he said I could still see her but not the kids because they are “too young”.

Holy shit. He felt entitled to give you permission. Did you have any idea that he was under the impression that he could dictate your life choices and actions?

You and your husband have two different ideas of what your relationship is. Might be time to take a pause, take stock, do some couples counseling, and figure out what there is to salvage.

And you were absolutely right to yell at him.

Yikes.
>ruining a chance for her son to bond with his child.

Bond how? By looking the the window of the ICU, arguably due to his actions? MIL needs to sit down and be quiet. This was unforgivable on the part of both her sons. If she always lets shit behavior form them slide, then she's part of the problem.

NTA OP. Am very glad things weren't worse for you. They easily could have been.
>I feel like an asshole for considering leaving my current job as I know several people had to go to bat for me to get such a large raise.

They went to bat for you and the company STILL didn't pay you what you're worth. You can make it clear to the people who went to bat for you that you appreciate their efforts, but the fact that despite those efforts, the company still won't pay you what you're worth and another company will means that it's time to move on. No hard feelings.
This is probably the best plan. Let her declare bankruptcy.
This, although dentist appointment works better because if you need a follow up interview, then you need to go to back to the dentist to get a cavity filled. And sometimes, they fill one cavity on one visit and then the other one on a different visit.
INFO: Sweet! I've been, but never saw that. Where is it located?
Same, although I'm a big fan of [Osage Orange](https://rurallivingtoday.com/gardens/osage-orange-tree/)/Hedgeapple. It grows into an [impenetrable hedge.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=20os0C7CJGE) The branches can be [woven together](https://m.facebook.com/avantgardens.org/photos/a.573121939368238/657422194271545/?_se_imp=19BjBuhh4tDpFPVHt) as they grow. And if you want to grow some straight trees, they make fantastic [staves](https://www.osageorange.com/osage-orange-staves-and-billets/) if you're into bow making.
No, a concept that just mints money for you is far more important. As long as you have money coming in - above your expenses - you can make tons of mistakes and still survive them. Psychological resilience is good to have, because there will be setbacks, but it's not nearly as important as solvency. Microsoft would not be Microsoft if they hadn't first come up with the golden goose that funded all of their other forays, and many mistakes.
George Bernard Shaw was great at this, except he has the hero say the outrageous thing, ie heroism is bad in Arms and The Man, and then by the end of the work, has you agreeing with the outrageous position. It's quite an experience as a reader when you realize how deftly you've been maneuvered.
iirc it was because Alan had asked her about what was motivating Snape to treat Harry this way.
There's an interview with JKR where she said she told him that Snape was in love with Harry's mother.
Motives are clear as day to me: When the labor force was tight, employees were hard to hire and wages went up. They want to flood the labor market with extra workers (kids) so they can keep wages down. It's always about money.

Bonus: kids are new to the workforce and won't be as demanding as adults, and will likely put up with more bullshit.
Land lines, Saturday morning cartoons, feral kids who went everywhere and parents didn't worry that they were going to end up on a milk carton. [The original red m&ms with red dye number 2](https://www.livescience.com/33017-why-were-red-mms-discontinued-for-a-decade.html). Kids making bike ramps so they could pretend to be Evil Kenievel. Sitting through TV shows with commercials because there was no other choice. Those ended up being the times you'd run to the bathroom or get a snack. And build a fort with your friends. No one builds forts any more. And watching your dad work on the car. Few people these days change their own oil, rotate their tires, etc.
OP I would sit tight on engaging a lawyer just yet. Given the amounts involved and the expense of a lawyer, it sounds like she's more likely to go the small claims route without a lawyer.

In your shoes, I would keep on doing what you're doing - saving evidence - and be ready to respond to service if you get served. Usual is 30 days notice or more before an appearance is required. If it's small claims, you can probably represent yourself, and she would most likely do the same.

Not a bad idea to line up a potential lawyer just in case she makes a big claim to justify a lawyer.
This phenomenon was actually [featured in an episode of ER](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OZ2F1AltV-M) when they lost power and were bootstrapping care.
>She and Brad said I'm disrespecting them and their choices by choosing Mary over their wedding day

...after Vicky disrespected you and your relationship. It's not choosing Mary over them. It was about the disrespect you were shown by Vicky. If you want to people to remain in your circle, don't disrespect them.

ETA: NTA
What would be fair is if you alternated. Have you asked him not to bring his gf to a party?

Right now you're allowing his gf to dictate terms, which is unfair to you and your gf. Perhaps throw a party yourself and not invite him.
There is a world of difference between wanting to protect your sister and being insistent that someone else pick up the tab for that and calling them selfish when they decline.
Don't shame until you've tried it...
Congrats! That must be incredibly satisfying to have reclaimed the family homestead. Best of luck to you.

Start with the easiest projects first to get some momentum. And start small with a garden and work your way up to larger plots as you get a feel for the amount of work involved and how much available time you'l have to allocate to different tasks.
"You knew I had already bought tickets and was depending on staying with your relatives, and that will not be possible with you not going. Since you're canceling the trip, are you going to reimburse me for the tickets I can no longer use, through no fault of my own?"
The cold weather is likely why you survived. It would have triggered the [dive reflex.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex)

"The diving reflex is triggered specifically by **chilling and wetting** the [nostrils](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Nostril) and face while breath-holding,[\[2\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex#cite_note-Physiology_and_Pathophysiology-2)[\[8\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex#cite_note-pmid636078-8)[\[9\]](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Diving_reflex#cite_note-9) and is sustained via neural processing originating in the [carotid chemoreceptors](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carotid_body). The most noticeable effects are on the cardiovascular system, which displays peripheral vasoconstriction, slowed heart rate, **redirection of blood to the vital organs to conserve oxygen**"
There's an older school variant: the missus.
Vegan Haggis
They said this:

>was informed that there was no room in the budget for compensation increases due to 'market uncertainty'.

...but when it came down to it:

>Upon informing my manager of my resignation, he immediately began working out a counter offer

So the initial statement was a lie. They lied to you, and yet:

>I like my firm and my local management

They don't want to pay you what you're worth unless forced to. Take the new offer OP, where they are willing to pay you what you're worth from the jump.
Was going to say: It's past the point of hurtling. It is openly their game plan.
Michigan, dude. You don't mention weather as a criteria, and winters aren't great, but:

* Winters will only get milder as the globe gets warmer. And winters allow you to do fun things like snowmobiling and skiing.
* LCOL in much of the state. You'd probably want to live in a town like Ann Arbor, which is higher COL, but way less than the Bay Area. Arguably the most California-like part of the state.
* If you want to get a summer place to escape to, land is cheap. Check out [this listing](https://www.landwatch.com/marquette-county-michigan-recreational-property-for-sale/pid/413740084) of 380 acres for $275K. It of course has a creek running through it. More water access.
* State is surrounded by water in a time of ongoing (and worsening) water crises.
* Democrats ran the table last cycle.
* As a result, they [repealed the 1931 abortion law](https://www.michigan.gov/whitmer/news/press-releases/2023/04/05/governor-whitmer-repeals-michigans-extreme-1931-abortion-ban).
>I was frozen at the base of the stairs below the attic (where they were).

In front of everyone, I would have suggested, "Maybe you should check the attic."
>They said that my wife would have wanted them to have the money and that I was going against her wishes.

"Show me where in the beneficiary form she indicated these wishes."
If you start having people in your spot towed, I'm guessing that won't happen as much.
Not to mention new team members, new dynamic, possibly a new system or two you need to learn. What if there was a re-org? And someone had to cover your tasks while you're on leave. Just because you come back doesn't mean things snap back to the way they were. What if the person covering your old tasks is better at them than you were? Maybe you'll get different responsibilities that you don't enjoy as much.

Yes, you'll have a job to come back to, but it will be like starting a new job again. Lots of things to work out to weave you back into the process flow.
Labyrinth similar to the [one at Chartres](https://www.atlasobscura.com/places/labyrinth-chartres-cathedral). I guess it feels occulty, but labyrinths are very common in mainline Christianity.
>someone went behind my back and forced a secret meeting between the two

I hope you've cut this person from your life. That's unforgivable.
Years ago I lived in Chicago, and lots of old Chicago apartments have maple in the kitchens, oak everywhere else. The flooring guys there said it's because maple handles getting wet (in terms of swelling/shrinking) better than oak, so that's why it's used there.
Very sorry for your loss, OP. Agree with others telling you to stop narrating your choices to your family who feel entitled to dictate your actions.

Also want to recommend the advice on [what to do with a windfall](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall/) in r/personalfinance
NTA. Tina Turner kept Ike's last name. Maybe suggest ex's new gf watch What's Love Got to Do With It.
I think this is a good idea, but in OP's case I think it would be good to make clear to the powers that be that this is not his area of expertise, he'll give it a try since there's no one else, but this is not his area of responsibility.

I can imagine this rapidly devolving to management deciding that this is his responsibility and why isn't he getting the shitstorm under control. I think it's a good idea to set expectations low up front and tell them they should be finding a new person to be responsible for this.

Some judicious framing of the situation could keep some misery from raining down on OP.
Have you looped in your MIL about this plan? Guessing she might help set him straight.

Ask her if she might be available in a pinch since her son will be off camping.
Should stick with the original plan OP.  Mom needs to learn that can't pull your puppet strings. This is a schedule conflict intentionally created by her.
And they played [Timbuk 3](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqkxd32dbwM) at the prom. The Future's so Bright...
Try one of the [festivals](https://www.travelawaits.com/2740501/best-german-asparagus-festivals-to-visit/) to help you get into the spirit of it.
Yeah he does villains really well. In the behind the scenes Harry Potter interviews, I enjoyed [his](https://youtu.be/rX4pOuiTt5I) the most. In every snippet he had something thoughtful and insightful to say, beyond the usual platitudes you usually get in things like that.
I believe the WSJ had an article today or yesterday saying that the discord group he ran had Russian members. The noise feels like a Russian disinformation campaign trying to protect a guy who had been a source.
Here's a decent [history](https://youtu.be/yb9Ni6oXTiU).
The perfect lighting looks right out of Myst.
That's an [rj12 port](https://forum.digikey.com/t/rj-style-connectors/10603) for a multi-line phone.
Have you read [ADHD and Marriage](https://www.adhdmarriage.com/content/melissa-orlov) by Melissa Orlov?
Don't see an exact match in their casing catalog, but [Vintage Millwork](http://vintagemillworkcorp.com/Catalog/casings.pdf) also does custom work.
Needing groceries would fill me with dread. Wonder if they even have power/utilities. Doesn't look like a neighborhood with natural gas, electricity, water service, sewage.
Love this.
This is a wildly disproportionate reaction to a one-time mistake. +1 on emotional abuse. If he's exited the relationship (leave him there), I hope you get to keep the dog.
Go to Page Arizona. Find an outfitter for kayaks/rafts, meet up at Lees Ferry, where the boat will take you upstream of Horseshoe Bend, or even as far as the Glen Canyon Dam and drop you with your gear. Best to bring some food/a picnic and some sunscreen. Drift/paddle back down the Colorado to Lees Ferry. There are petroglyphs. You will feel tiny in comparison to the gigantic canyon walls.
Reminds me of a modern rice serving dish in terms of the tooling.

Looks modern to me. The legs remind me of pieces I've seen from India.
It made a [mess at Microsoft](https://slate.com/technology/2013/08/stack-ranking-steve-ballmer-s-employee-evaluation-system-and-microsoft-s-decline.html) as well.

Run OP! Even if you get to stick around, employee interactions will become cut-throat, not collaborative. Your new CTO is either an idiot or someone who decided that his marching orders are to make cuts and this method will work, destruction of employee culture & morale be damned.
Make sure you have any important docs with you (birth certificate, etc.) that you might need.
We had the scouts determine their own menus for campouts, then the older scouts would go to the grocery store and buy the supplies. One trip they decided they wanted nothing but bacon. They bought a ton of bacon and ate it for every meal. By the end of the trip they were sick of bacon, and never did that again.

I wouldn't even call that a failure. They got what they wanted, and learned a lesson about excess. Excess (and living with the consequences of your own decisions) is a pretty good teacher as well.
If she flips out, just say, "On second thought, I'm resigning as of now." Then get up and leave. You don't have to just sit there and take that. Leave.
I have fixed the same bad merge multiple times, even explained to them who the correct person they're looking for is, and the bad merger just keeps coming. I don't have time for that.
Turn left for big cats, straight ahead for aviary.
TIL
It's kind of a classic move. That's basically the plot of [Children Who Chase Lost Voices](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Children_Who_Chase_Lost_Voices). Here's that [exact scene](https://youtu.be/axwbeQ-m3-c?t=583).
That increase in the cost of medical care is profane.
That looks like a [Minie Ball](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minié_ball).
Highly recommend [Scar-Ban](http://www.scarban.com) to get rid of the last bit of pink skin/traces of scarring.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Grandma reminds me of [Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio](https://media.movieassets.com/static/images/items/people/profiles/500/100/mary-elizabeth-mastrantonio-89d958dec20713ab8749420dba71ad4c.jpg).
This. SMs change.
>She calls the bluff and I end of thanking her for her time and let her know I am off home and she should expect my resignation by the end of the day. She just sat there with a stunned look on her face.

Should make sure to let her boss know why you're leaving.
>Should I leak the email?

Hell yes! The company is trying to quietly make liability go away. Burn 'em to the ground. This is on them for maintaining a toxic workplace.
There's a good book called How Old is This House by Hugh Howard.  Can probably find I at the library. I found it to be very helpful.
I found the House Finders of Northern Italy YouTube video on getting a [Permesso di Soggiorno](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6hWu73hl0k8) to be very informative.
W was not only the incumbent, but essentially a war time president, and conventional wisdom is that the electorate stays with the current leadership during wartime. Hillary was keeping her powder dry for a better set of circumstances.
They also have similar coyote vests - dog vests with spikes sticking out of them to deter bites to the body.
I get the whole thing with other cultures, etc., but I (in the US where we mostly have love marriages) still find myself shocked by how transactional marriage is in other parts of the world. Elizabeth Gilbert's book Committed was an eye-opener, but...wow.
>I handed her the note back and told her I could not do such a thing, even though I had been briefly tempted.

You did NOT need to mention the briefly tempted bit. Should have kept that to yourself.

>we would both approach our boss together and say that, while we were happy with our work to date, we were both looking for new challenges and, perhaps, new team members. That meeting is planned for tomorrow, and I believe the boss (who is a very smart woman) will get the message and reassign us both **without prejudice**.

Not so sure of the wisdom of this. The very smart woman MAY conclude that you had been hitting on your attractive coworker and may either be subjecting you to extra scrutiny or forming a negative opinion about you which will do you no favors in the long run. Wouldn't be at all surprised if she calls the coworker in privately and asks if you have problematic behavior that needs to be escalated to HR. If it comes down to coworker either looking bad or throwing you under the bus, which do you think coworker might do to save her professional skin?

Good luck OP. Don't be surprised if your very smart boss starts to evaluate you negatively come review time.
Great idea. Love the concept. My big concern with graphically busy cards like this is is that you shouldn't have to scrutinize the card to tell what you're looking at. Sometimes designers don't have enough contrast between the number/suit signifiers and the background artwork. That's not the case here.

The pip number in the corner is easy to pick out against the gray background, so if I was glancing down at a fanned hand, I feel like I would have no trouble assessing my hand with these cards. Bravo on the execution.
Margin Call
If you want to avoid the drugs, have you considered acupuncture?
>at least the food is good.

I like my bowling alley food to be pizza, tater tots and grilled cheese. If I'm going to be putting my fingers in a communal bowling ball, I want finger food.
You misunderstand me. I know it's a place. I was suggesting that the name of the product should be named after the digestive result, not the place.
Find yourself a small sawmill operator that's not too far away, someone like a [Bushnell](http://bushnellsawmill.com). Give them the measurements and species of what you need. Piece in your new boards, sand, maybe color correct with some stain if necessary, then re-finish.
Pretzels.
>saw some dude happy crying at his wedding

If it's any consolation, stories about ruined wedding days are legion, so don't feel like the rest of the planet got to have an awesome wedding experience and you're the odd guy out. Just search for "my wedding day was ruined" and you'll find countless stories. A [sampling](https://ruinmyweek.com/fails/ruined-wedding-day/).

That said, this stunt was particularly noxious as it tainted the relationship with your wife, so I'm totally with you on the lingering anger. You don't fuck with people's relationships for sport. That's WAY over the line. How would he feel if you fabricated evidence of him having an affair and sent it to his wife? "Just a prank, bro!"
If Lansing, I would go on the west side near Horrocks, or REO Town, or East Lansing/Okemos/Haslett area. LOTS of parks for walking, etc. in Meridian Township, and a small but nice farmer's market. Grand Rapids is nice, but if politics is one of your considerations, it's more conservative than Lansing. You should check out Ann Arbor, as it's probably exactly what you're looking for culture/amenities-wise.

WFH has ravaged downtown Lansing. Most of the buildings housed government workers and the nearby lunch places, etc. have really taken a hit.
This is really nice. Well done OP!
NTA, though I would have gone with 'cruel' over 'weak', but I get the easily-led message you were going for. And would have reminded her that it's only a joke if everyone's laughing. If it's distressing to someone, then it's abuse, and she's an abuser.
>much like the active volcano chain after which it is named.

You mean 'much like sphincter sensation it engenders'. Ring of fire isn't a place name reference, it's an outcome.
Not sitting right with you??? Repeat these words to yourself: "My husband threatened me with a knife."

You are under-reacting OP! Separate. Restraining order. This is light years beyond 'annoying'.
RO time. "husband threatened his 8 month pregnant wife with a knife."
Get them at a clearance place like Marshalls.
Last time I had a gate put in, the guys didn't mix concrete. They just poured [quick setting concrete](https://quikrete.com/athome/video-setting-posts.asp) in dry. Didn't even pour water over it, although they did cover the top with some soil. Said the moisture in the ground would do the job. They were right. Years later posts are still solid.

So I tried the same technique with a garden fence. Same result. Extremely firmly set posts, still solid years later.

TLDR: you don't have to mix concrete for posts. You can use it dry if you have the right kind.
It's like that old joke:

Q: What was he like as a child?

A: Shorter
It's a promising sign, but it may also mean they're down to the final 2 or 3 candidates and that you're one of them. Not in the bag for sure, but it sounds like you have a good shot.
In the immortal words of [Jason Bateman in Dodgeball](https://youtu.be/fc7yfQ0HIys?t=43)..."Usually you pay double for that kind of action, Cotton."
>I started opening up to her about my military service and all the lessons that I've learnt from the Corps.

That's what I got from this line. He wasn't 'opening up,' he was bragging.
Congrats OP. Huge accomplishment!
Yes, and the jerk move is when one of the two players is down to their last $60, so the other player bids $61. Then it becomes a game of financial chicken and mortgaging properties just to force a reasonable bid.
Depends on the locals...Some locals might like JiaMo Lab on Via Bergamo. Have often seen a line at the door at lunch time.
>The fact that someone had a previous child that they gave up and never mentioned isn't a rational reason to break up with someone.

The fact that she was a terrible irresponsible parent is EXTREMELY relevant to someone who's about to become a parent with her.

NTA
Grew up in Ohio, went to Ohio State, super proud to be in Michigan.
Mom could try and front-run this and say that OP has it out for her and promised to do something rash.

Mom had her chance to come clean. Go straight to dad, OP. You don't owe her consideration.
I am here for this petty retaliation.
>when we are talking over FaceTime he is always on his laptop doing some work and is never present in the conversations we are having. I am the only one who is carrying all the conversations. There are times he doesn’t even ask how I’m doing and just talks about work.

It doesn't sound like you have much of a relationship any more. It's completely one-sided. Seems like he's mentally moved on but doesn't want to spend the emotional labor of ending it. He's just letting it whither.

So to answer your question: No, it doesn't sound worth it to stay.
Go watch Ozark for step by step instructions.
OP, you should send this link in response to the email.
It wasn't just Erised, it was the entire inscription:

Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi

spelled backwards is:

I show not your face but your heart's desire

The inscription explained how the mirror worked.
NTA, but I hope you realize this person is NOT your friend.
Feel so bad for those kids back in the day who had an undiagnosed learning disability and caught hell: "The eye doctor says your eyes are fine so stop being lazy and apply yourself!"

Only conclusion a kid could come to was that they were just stupid.
You can also use [USB](https://support.apple.com/guide/mac-help/transfer-files-mac-computers-target-disk-mode-mchlp1443/mac).
Oh, let's not forget all the [hedge funds buying up single family homes](https://www.amgnational.com/insights/hedge-funds-gobbling-up-single-family-housing/). Give them their due.
Nancy Moore Park in Okemos has a fenced dog area on a hill, and plenty of paths that stay above water during floods.
Knew a guy who did competitive yoga. That and power yoga are both antithetical to the true purpose of yoga.
Depression in the bottom there makes it look like a [spring house](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spring_house).
That is a SWEET inglenook!
Nice Karmann Ghia. Haven't seen one of those in a while.
One fun thing you can do with FireWire - and another Mac that also has a FireWire port - is use one of them in [Target Disk Mode](https://www.macworld.com/article/195355/target_disk_mode_to_the_rescue.html).
I agree, but I think this is also a case of selection bias. The people who would want to be in a fraternity and would get accepted by a fraternity are personable and gregarious, and if you just took those two traits and did the same survey with those attributes: personable and gregarious college students have 36% higher incomes than students who rank low on those traits, no one would be surprised.
>his educational background and career never mattered to me.

Except when you're in front of your professional peers.

YTA
Yes. Have a look at this drone [shot of Pompei](https://iconem.tumblr.com/post/158623616099/mondays-picture-drone-flight-above-pompeii).
Exactly this. Dude wants a hall pass. Make it permanent.
>None of my magic has actually \*worked\*

...as far as you know. Perhaps it's an issue of degree. If you put two grains of salt on your popcorn, have you salted it? Technically, yes. Can you taste it? Most likely not. You don't know what sorts of imprints your intentions have put on the universe. You can't detect those imprints and so judge your efforts a failure, but that doesn't mean they aren't there.

Repetition builds/accumulates power. Pick an area to focus on and see what fruits you may find over time.
Soul Quest in Orlando is also a church.
Was going to comment: With what manpower?
A gay bar somewhere is having a good time with this...
Dude on the right still looks salty.
Unclear on how this is a neoliberal government story. The fair organizers are the bad actors here, no?
Grace - which can manifest in many ways. Athletic ability, dance, social ease, a joyful presence, artistic ability, a nimble mind, competence itself is attractive.
The notion that most people are basically decent reasonable people. I retract 'most' and now put that at maybe half. Half the people out there are not susceptible to reason. And are not decent.
This was journalistic malpractice. Next up: Jacob Chansley. 60 Minutes to every crackpot: "YOU get an interview, and YOU get an interview, and YOU get an interview..." No pushback, just let your shit fly...
Showmanship matters. Artistry matters. And there are bands - the Bare Naked Ladies come to mind - who bring a lot of personality and do a lot of free-form riffing. The Dead was famous for it. For those types of shows, going to see them live will give you an experience you will never get listening to their recordings. Seeing genius in action - Stevie Ray Vaughn or Eddie Van Halen or any virtuoso - is (was) worth seeing live. Some acts have a lot of personality and it's worth going to experience that. I'm thinking early KT Tunstall when she just exuded joy. YMMV. But just going to see a band reproduce their recordings and not bringing much else to the performance - I'm with you. Probably not worth it to me.
Congrats to the new owner. Hopefully people seeing those tools will bring you more work.
SMU never really recovered from the death penalty.

Not in my lifetime, but I want to give a shout out to the greatest football team ever - and whose school was a founding member of the SEC - [Sewanee's 1899 team](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1899_Sewanee_Tigers_football_team) that did a legendary road trip and beat 5 teams in 6 days, ALL by shutouts: Texas, Texas A&M, Tulane, LSU, and Ole Miss. After coming back home, they beat their next opponent on the following week 71-0. They finished the season undefeated and the only team that was able to score on them was John Heisman's Auburn team, who lost by a point.

Now Sewanee's not in the SEC, haven't been for decades, and you never hear about them. Greatness was once theirs, though.
Love this. In technology it's so common for us to personalize our tools and make them an expression of our selves. Great to see someone doing this with physical tools. Making with self-made/self-customized tools brings something extra to the work. It used to be the norm.
If your bf is up for it, have him try acupuncture. I've had amazing results for a variety of issues, even carpal tunnel.
YTA. Your daughter wanted to enjoy a simple pleasure and was willing to suffer for it. Rather than being righteous, you could still make her comfortable and show some solidarity: "Sorry you're in pain, but sometimes dogs are worth it, right?"
This was the first comment on that article:

>My CC was cloned when I was at the airport by someone using a handheld scanner. Later that night I checked my account to pay bills and there were pending charges of over $8k. I called the bank. They told me it was all at a hotel near the airport. I called the hotel and the security and manager discovered it was a person who checked into an expensive suite and had made several purchases at the gift shop. It was a 5 star hotel so they had diamonds. At that very minute the criminal was browsing for another purchase. Both they and I called the police and were told it wasn't their problem. Despite an officer being parked half a block away. I was told the banks insurance would take care of it so they wouldn't be wasting their time on it. This is exactly why this crime continues. Nobody is held accountable.
NTA. This is the culinary equivalent of shelling out lots of money to go to Disneyworld and then having her spend the entire time in the little kids area. What a waste of money.

OP, if you plan to travel with her, what's she going to do in a foreign country when there are no chicken tenders on the menu at an authentic local restaurant? She's closing herself off to experiencing the world through food. Are you going to fly around the world only to seek out a McDonalds to eat at? Sounds like an underwhelming future life together. Good luck.
Was going to say the same. OPs gf is going to have long term health issues due to poor nutrition. You can only get away with that diet when you're young.
And this is why journalists get arrested all the time. Most regular citizens with no knowledge of this history are appalled, but given this history and no other information, the best assessment we can make is: who knows what the journalist in question may or may not have been up to?
Maybe a hide scraping knife similar to [this](https://www.antiquesnavigator.com/d-2896375/hg-gomph-antique-round-headed-leather-hide-working-scraping-knife-albany-ny.html).
The Illinois Railway Museum is fantastic, but it's a shame it's so hard to get to.

The [Georgia State Railroad Museum](https://chsgeorgia.org/gsrm) in Savannah is reachable via Amtrak. It has a nice operating turntable.
I would just start adjusting. If the picture gets better, leave it, if it gets worse, adjust back. You're not going to hurt anything.

I only ever adjusted the original plus and classic, and you couldn't make those adjustments with the case on, so this is a different arrangement. And it's been years, but I seem to recall it was the hex shaped tool, so if I were you, I'd try the pair on the top right first.
Great clean look. Love the aesthetic!
I don't understand why people would wear a watch there. If you bend your hand back, the knob digs in. Why not wear it below the wrist bone?
Get a hand held ultrasonic dog repeller.
There's an anime called [Children Who Chase Lost Voices](https://youtu.be/tmHo_0mgos0?t=13) that features a [cat whisker](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crystal_detector) radio receiver similar to yours.
That was just Caitlin Clark passing by.
Hard to pick one. Favorite places are:

Areas around Page, AZ - Horseshoe Bend (floating/paddling down the river to Lees Ferry), the Antelope Canyons, Painted Desert farther out - and then up into Utah, especially Zion, but Grand Staircase-Escalante as well.

Lots of stunning scenery to be had on Route 1 along the California coast, especially the Big Sur area. Yosemite is something to see.

Antrim Coast of Ireland: Belfast up to the Giant's Causeway. Glens of Antrim.

Scottish Highlands

Also +1 for Iceland
>She ungrounded our daughter without my say so

r/LeopardsAteMyFace OP, what do you expect? You go off with this unilateral behavior, then are annoyed when others do the same thing. Work on your communication because you treat your family members like underlings instead of family.

YTA
Hard to explain it to her if she doesn't get it, but maybe you could have a general conversation about unilateral decision-making. Ask her how she would fell if you:

* Decided to move the household to another state without consulting her?
* Took in a relative without consulting her?
* Booked a vacation for the two of you (that may or may not be where she'd want to go) somewhere without consulting her?

At bottom, these are all about taking away your partner's agency in the relationship, which is also what she proposed. That's being a shitty partner, and if she can't see that as wrong, then you don't have much to work with in terms of shared values.
Wow! What museum is this in?
INFO: How old was the niece? If niece was at a young age and not able to process ambiguity well, my answer would be different than if she was older.
NTA, but why didn't you step up sooner during the visit?
I had none. It was a good experience. I've done other types of work, so I came in with a good handle on intent and what I wanted to work on, and a spirit of collaboration. My experience was pretty dialog-y, in that Aya and I were discussing a lot as we went along. This was internal dialog, I wasn't speaking out loud.

As to the 'why', we all have stuff we could improve on, right? I wanted to work on various things that hadn't been susceptible to improvement by other means.
The Doritos were a nice touch.
University/state surplus stores are also good sources for cheap laptops.
Holy shit. Driver was WAY too close and lucky they didn't run someone over.
Buffalo Cauliflower Tacos at Lyfe Kitchen. Can be a bit hit or miss depending on who's in the kitchen, but when they're on their game - amazing.
Gun violence, in particular innocent kids getting shot in schools and small children finding guns at home and shooting each other. The US is a shithole country.
Missouri politicians are bombing themselves back into the Stone Age. "Let's make our state a REALLY unattractive place to live so no one comes here and all young people leave!"

Missouri is going to be a statewide old folks home in 20 years.
Interesting bit:

>Interviews with six people across senior levels of Wall Street’s biggest banks revealed an intense desire for a GOP candidate who could deny Trump the nomination. While the finance industry appreciated Trump’s tax cuts — partially designed by former Goldman Sachs executive Gary Cohn during his time in Trump’s White House — they grew to loathe his protectionist trade policies, **penchant for attacking individual companies** and firing off market-shaking tweets.

DeSantis has this same penchant for attacking individual companies, and that's going to be a headwind for him.
Just looks like a chopped up older coin with a new handle on it. Construction looks very modern.
OP, you are the embodiment of this quote: "Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, **committed** citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever does."

Props for being stubborn.
Shades of the classic [That was Stupid](https://youtu.be/QCIk-2kKea4) commercial.
My go-to is always Robert (Plant).

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Bear spray requires some proximity/aim. Why not get a handheld ultrasonic dog repeller? Yes, it would be an expense, but likely a safer option to use. Could also use it to train the dog to stay out of your yard.
And it's worse if you have a pet who sleeps next to your legs, keeping you warm. Any pets in the bed OP?
Nice! Super crisp. What material was the cylinder seal made of?
Part of OP's concern is financial. 90 minute Uber/Lyft/taxi wouldn't be cheap.
Clicking the tongs twice before using them.
Definitely Maybe. Wasn't expecting much, but the plot kept me guessing.
Great post OP! You have a flair for story telling.
No.
Christie's appeal back in the day was that he seemed to be good at owning the libs and - for the time - had a big personality. He has been far exceeded in that capacity by both Trump and Desantis, so he's a non-factor now. He's not pugnacious enough for the modern GOP.
"Fun Fact: People who say they don't care actually do!!"
Same. The hands seem too large, as does the spine of the book. With that width of spine, she'd be hugging a dictionary, and the set of her arms would be different holding up that much weight. She wouldn't be able to carry the weight by pressing the book to her chest - it would slide down. She would have to put the heel of her hand under the base of the spine to hold it up.

Otherwise I like the composition. Given that the light source is from the left, should be more shadow on her neck under her hair.
>I am tempted to find a new job. What would you do?

I would give in to that temptation.
I saw on a post a couple of weeks ago that another Redditor got rid of a problem manager by referring them to a recruiter. Maybe put recruiters onto both the snitch and the boss.
And after you fire her, buy some pizzas for the crew to make it up to them for this going on so long.
Toss it in your car, drive it down to a lock smith, and they'll probably have it open in 5 minutes.
Something similar [happened to Tua against the Bengals](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QwyNhC3BjTM). Watch what happens with his hands after the hit.
If, during this altercation, he took a blow to the head either directly or after falling, that could result in what was described. Take a look at this list of [involuntary movements after a TBI](https://www.flintrehab.com/post-traumatic-movement-disorders/).
>I went and got a drink with the guy who has that job now, and the guy who had the job before him. The current guy said he was screwed out of a raise, he took the promotion when it was implied one was coming and it never came. And the guy before him? He was making less than I am currently in the role and kept getting his requests for raises rejected.

Props do OP for doing the due diligence. Bullet deftly dodged. Husband is a problem, but the way OP handled the offer was perfect.
Question: based on what OP has written about his reaction to her reasonable requests, do you think the BF views OP as an equal?
You might check in with some of the physical facilities that non-profits tend to use. It will be a good connection point from which to network to other groups. Two that I can think of are [Allen Neighborhood Center](https://allenneighborhoodcenter.org) and [The Fledge](https://thefledge.com). There are also the PassItOn, Lansing and Hannah Community centers that might be worth looking into.
Any time I see age gap relationships like this, I always think the elder person feels like they have a higher status in the relationship, and the energy when being called to account for their shortcomings is 'how dare YOU lecture ME!' There are obviously exceptions, but when OP describes his reactions, this doesn't sound like one of those exceptions.

OP, he sees you as less-than him, not on his level status-wise, not an equal partner, and he is therefore offended when you call him out on legitimate grievances. YOU ARE NOT EQUAL PARTNERS. Your feelings matter less to him than his own feelings and wants.
Have a look [here](https://www.alltrails.com/us/michigan/okemos).
>When I ask why they can't get a loan from a bank, they get angry and accuse me of not trusting them.

Couldn't be plainer than that. Lots of interest bearing accounts to be found these days. Or head over to r/Bogleheads and learn about putting it in index funds. You should also read the [What to do with a windfall](https://www.reddit.com/r/personalfinance/wiki/windfall/) post in r/personalfinance. First item: Don't tell anyone about the windfall.

### 1. DO NOT TELL ANYONE.

Well, you can tell your spouse and any financial advisors, but it's best to not share with other family, friends, or anyone else, especially for a larger windfall. Even if people already suspect or believe you are receiving a windfall, they do not need to know the size or any details.
>quadrupling our time together

I don't know that this is a realistic concern during your residency.
And actually, if they want to burn cycles on that instead of causing genuine harm, I'm okay with that. Let them be occupied with theater. Doubt that will help with the next general election.
Pioneering antifa.
Was going to suggest an airtag in her backpack or pockets.
Totally fair point to make. I may have this wrong, but iirc, the Stanford Prison Experiment was originally intended to be run in both the US and in Germany to see if there was some cultural difference between the two countries that facilitated the rise of Nazism. After the results at Stanford, it was decided not to run the experiment in Germany, the conclusion being that it could just as easily happen in the US.
From the file name, I would guess it's [this](https://www.softpedia.com/get/System/System-Miscellaneous/Wintee.shtml).
OP, I'm AMAZED you agreed to stay overnight with your father having not seen him in years. That could have gone much worse.
Impressed with the coordinated knee socks.
>mine involved getting married in the next 2-3 years, his did not. He said he hadn’t given any concrete thought to marriage and liked how we are now.

It is what it is. You two don't have matching life plans.
Dentist is the standard excuse. That way when you need to go to a follow up interview, it's 'time to get a cavity filled' that they found on the last appointment.
>I've been struggling at work for a long time, my role has become very stagnant and am having issues with one team member.

In your shoes, I'd take the offer due to this line.
NTA. Mom can come visit you without your sister.
"Well yes, we did agree to that before, but we're in a recession now, and there's no budget for raises."
Somewhat related story: Years ago, my friend had come into a lot of surgical tubing, as one does. One sunny day when the weather was nice, he went down to Mirror Lake with his tubing and a few bricks. He cut some lengths of surgical tubing, tied them to the bricks, and threw them into Mirror Lake one by one as he made them. They looked cool, kind of like sea anemones.

A girl came up to him and asked if he was an artist. He said no. She turned around and shouted to her friend who was some distance away, "See - I TOLD you it wasn't art!"
>He told me "She shows her body to men so they can help her pay to learn to hate men," and "You think liberal arts majors are doing scholarship but all they're doing is hate

Why do you want this guy to become part of the family? You know him to be judgmental and disparaging of a whole field of knowledge.

Guessing you're afraid to introduce him to the family because your family will pick up on this straight away. He's not a diamond in the rough. He's a narrow minded troglodyte, not husband material.
>Has anyone had a bad experience with yelp? What are the solutions you went through to fix it?

Has anyone ever had a good experience with Yelp? I've yet to hear one.

Never ever use Yelp.
MoH has responsibilities. 5 minutes before the ceremony starts????

NTA
Beautiful work!
I'd pull out the racks, element, bottom tray, get a razor blade or exact knife and score along the rack bars and the element (carefully). Assuming you cut through the plastic, you should be able to peel it off.

Use a single edge razor blade to get under the melted plastic on the tray. Once you get all the plastic off, I'd try oven cleaner or Bar Keeper's Friend on whatever's left on the tray.
Same. You get the lake and the skyline in one view.
Groundhog Day
Happy Birthday to You. Super popular.
[Almost Grown](https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0094414/)
>when the time comes

Narrator: "And that time never seemed to come."

Take the new job OP. Current place is stalling for time until your opportunity goes away. Go where you are valued.
> deep down just don't want to work for the last month of my semester even if it is only once a week.

Just say it's the end of your semester and you need to focus on your studies.
Or, for a toned-down version, print out this post with all the comments, slide it across the table and tell him you're also gifting him a reality check. Reddit thinks he's a jerk.
>Today, I told him I had to go out and pick up something. He asked where I was going, I answered. He asked me why, and when I couldn’t give him a straightforward reply, he quickly figured out that I was picking up his gift and what it was.

Your husband is being an ungrateful ass, but if for some reason you want more of this abuse in the future and he starts nosing into his own surprise and asks you where you're going/what you're doing, just say it's a surprise and to stop asking or he'll ruin it AGAIN.

ETA: NTA
More states should realize it's in the state's self-interest to do what they can to maintain a low cost of living. Allowing corporations to drive would-be residents to other states is demographic suicide.
I've had multiple cats over the years. One or two of them 'play nip', meaning that when playing/wrestling my hand, they'll actually put teeth on my skin, sometimes gently biting, but often just putting teeth on skin with little to no pressure. They're essentially saying, I could bite you if I wanted to, but I won't.
If it doesn't specify, and since it's in person, probably day of is fine. I'd call the clerk of the court just to verify any requirements, such as how many copies you should make. I'd make 3 at a minimum - 1 set for you to refer to, one for the judge, one for your ex.

Also since it sounds like you'll have multiple exhibits, would be a good idea to read up on [exhibit labeling](https://legalbeagle.com/5101022-attach-exhibit-legal-document.html), ex. "Exhibit A shows a picture of saddle 1. Exhibit B is a picture of saddle 2. Exhibit C shows the current market value of saddle 1 from web site XYZ. Exhibit D is a list of all the expenses I incurred fixing up saddle 1."

Having definite names for each exhibit makes them easier to refer to in court. Don't go in there with 6 pages of stuff and start referring to 'the middle item on page 3.' Too confusing and frustrating for the judge.
And here I was thinking it was the [Winter Warlock](https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/villains/images/1/15/WinterWarlock.jpg).
SC court is often virtual these days. If this is a Zoom case, you will likely need to submit whatever evidence you have in advance and electronically. Make sure you submit things like evidence of value by the time stipulated on your court documents. Just having it ready - but not submitted - at the time of your case may mean it can't be admitted as evidence.
Did you check findagrave.com?
Desantis is also not a great public speaker. He reminds me a bit of Rod Blagoyavich, the disgraced former governor of Illinois. Anyway, being able to project some kind of personality matters in presidential debates. He's not going to fare well against Trump head-to-head in debate.
"These other folks have commitments. I'll take one for the team..."
His goal was to get inside the house. well done OP. That was exactly the correct move. Proof is that the wallet was magically found as soon as the police were looped in. This was an attempted scam.
Agree. Ex bf mom wants to be a grandma. The ex bf wanted nothing to do with his own kids until she got involved.
Laundromat. People generally need clean clothes.
OP, you would benefit from watching the [rules of the car scene](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S4V8vrpH1L0) from Transporter 2. Applicable quote:

"Respect the man's car, the man respects you."

Comportment matters. Making an effort shows respect for those you're meeting with. You made no effort, which indicates a lack of respect for your gf's family. Your GF understands this, and that's why she's mad. She feels like she shouldn't have to communicate it.

I'll give you the benefit of the doubt and think that this concept has never been communicated to you and you never deduced it from social cues. It has been now: If you make no effort for people, you are indicating disrespect. When in doubt - ask. It's always better to overdress than underdress.

ETA: circling back to the above quote, you disrespecting them will likely result in them not respecting you. Is that the feeling you want to create in your GF parents?
My favorite part is his [first night at Hogwarts](https://youtu.be/0Qo01Z5OiBY?t=46) where, after not truly having a home for most of life, he finally feels at home. Dude hadn't ever fit in before, and he's finally found his place in the world. Such a relief to finally know where you belong.
Organized religion has virtually always been about amassing and wielding power. Always. It has nothing to do with saving souls, lifting up the downtrodden, betterment of mankind, etc. 

The quest for power has been very apparent the last few decades, and it's turned off genuine seekers. It's catnip for the power-hungry though, especially those invested in maintaining patriarchy. This is the natural result.
Scam
[They know hats in Burundi.](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/1d933ff9-e704-4c39-a39e-28f26c7c5ec5)
>She asked me if I was trying to be funny or really want to be a whore. I told her that I didn't tell her off for doing or wearing things I don't like so she shouldn't do that to me. She said that if I wanted to be a disgusting asshole than I could find my own way home.

JFC - who says that to their 'friends'??

NTA. I wouldn't consider this person a friend.
Lots of Home Depots have parking lot cameras. Did you check with the store?
I love how Keith Richards [remembered John Lennon](https://youtu.be/TLjgpUI--ww).
>I tried reminding her that the pay doesn’t matter, but she just got upset.

You keep missing it OP. It's not about the money. This is about her fulfillment.

For you though, I suspect it's about saving money, which in your mind is a fair trade for her having an unsatisfying life.

You are very close to blowing this.

YTA
This notion that snooping is absolutely wrong in all circumstances is bullshit. IRL, if there's probable cause that a crime has been committed, authorities can get a warrant to find out what's up.

If things are off and your SO is acting shady, justifiable in my book. Yes people have a right to privacy. It's such an important concept it's a legal doctrine. But the rules are different if there's probable cause.
What did you cut that with? Depending on alloy, tungsten can be pretty hard to cut.
>he’s always wanted to see France so my boyfriend thought he would be kind

"Why are you mad? You said he's always wanted to see France. We're taking about what to see in France. I'm just being kind!"

Make the bf rue the day he dreamed up this boneheaded move.
NTA. And your dad is dead wrong for pressuring you to let a restraining order slide. Sounds like aunt got to him to make him advocate on her behalf. Tell him to let her know the restraining order will be vigorously enforced.
NTA

The petty part of me would go and pay an unusual amount of attention to the friend and only give yes or no answers to the BF.

Only do that if you want to burn down the relationship.
The credibility of evangelicals? What kind of weight can you give to their testimony if this is their guy?
>Greg still lives with my aunt and uncle,

And HE's telling OP about bad looks to a potential partner.
>Get out of town with this mega church nonsense

Mega churches sure seem to be interested in building new amenities.
>Some clients who have a history of late paying, I require it all up front.

This. "Due to your past history of not paying on time, we require payment in advance on all future work." If they don't like it, recommend them to one of your competitors.
That was emotionally abusive. You were harmed. This is beyond defensible. I don't know about you, but I don't interact with abusers.
Find some old training manual or anything you else you have that's spiral bound with a plastic cover. Take a pair of scissors and cut off a 1" narrow triangle from the corner, that use that non-conductive but surprisingly rigid piece of plastic to coax that paper out.
Battery getting low. Swap it out.
If Mom and Dad were going to handle it, they should have spoken to Grandma before she arrived or just as she arrived. They failed you and left you to deal with a problem not of your making.
It's a personal security issue. $5 wrench attacks are not beyond the realm of possibility. Should you tell the general public that you keep a bunch of gold bars at your house? No, because that's an invitation to a home invasion. Crypto is only slightly different. Under duress, you could certainly be made to transfer your crypto.

Why would you tell people? Online with a handle? Fine. IRL? Asking for trouble.
Fair to say that the GF's reaction is beyond reasonable. BUT, that doesn't mean that OP did a good job of being a decent partner here. If she didn't want to get into it, just say there's been a death in the family and she needs some grieving time. Simple explanation, gives new partner some idea of what's going on. This murky 'personal issues' thing could be anything - a drug problem, other relationships, etc. - that could be alarming to a new partner. It's unnecessarily secretive. Amazed that doing basic communication is so controversial here.
>And I’d said, what about Grandma? He said “Don’t worry. Your Mom and I will handle it. This is your day.”

What happened to this? I would have been pissed that despite their assurances, they did not in fact "handle it."
And the signature does not match public examples.
She's guessing/on a fishing expedition for what's going on with you, because YOU WON'T TELL HER. She lied for a cover story. It's stupid, and likely born of insecurity, but if you had just communicated what's going on with you, this never would have happened.

Why wouldn't you tell her that your father died? Randoms at work probably know, but you want to keep something like that from your SO who could be supporting you?

Healthy communication makes problems like this not come up so often. Don't keep your SO in the dark. It's not good for the relationship.
Grandma's probably insisting because it will be a bad look for her son. People will ask why, and then the dirt comes out.
Dollars to donuts if you have $10-20, one of your friends at school can hook you up with a burner phone. Tons of households have old phones laying around. Just communicate via wifi.

BUT BE DISCREET.
If you go and don't have a car handy, the Lincoln Park Zoo on the lakefront has the Lincoln Park Conservatory which is a much smaller version of the Garfield Park one.
But it happened here. And I can't count the number of games where one team was clearly outshooting the other and lost. I'm not saying it happens the majority of the time. I'm saying it happens a lot.
Who is John Galt?
Props to the badgers, but this is one of the things I really don't like about hockey or soccer:

>Ohio State put 16 shots on net in the first frame compared to just 5 from the Badgers.

It's pretty common for the team dominating on offense to lose.
Inexpensive healthcare. And inexpensive Ritter Sports.
I was thinking Bilbo's trolls.
Legal or not, the [EMF](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_DIjsB3eu-Y) would make me not want to spend too much time there. [Research about effects isn't conclusive](https://www.cancer.gov/about-cancer/causes-prevention/risk/radiation/electromagnetic-fields-fact-sheet), but it would be a pass for me.
If you ever find yourself in Chicago, the Garfield Park Conservatory has a really nice [fern room](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gnE8U-8TziA).
OP did that. Now GF is pissed and not communicating. If she's not up for couples therapy - because this is a problematic relationship - and not willing to work on things, OP doesn't have much choice but to invest his efforts in moving on to a new relationship. GF is totally exploiting his people pleasing tendencies and waiting for him to cave again. I hope OP doesn't do it this time around.
Maybe, but he could have also taken vocational ed classes while still in high school (kind of amounts to the same thing), or entered an apprentice program.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

From the post:

>he showed his slack which was him talking crap about me to that other team lead

You got this wrong Async. It was OPs boss badmouthing OP, not the team lead.
[dw.com](https://dw.com) is a good place to stream German-language news stories. It really helps develop your ear to listen to the language as much as you can.
It's not unheard of for HR to offer lower than what the hiring manager agreed to in order to see if they can get the new employee for less. This would give the manager a heads-up that they're in danger of losing the candidate.
Hahahaha. Will believe it when I see it.
Yes. The ignoring thing sounds like he's a bit intimidated by OP, most likely due to attraction. OP if you want to date him, you'll probably have to ask him out.
LOL!
Family counseling sounds like a good idea. Seems daughter is old enough to put cards on the table and tell her that mom is uncomfortable with some of the behaviors.
Same. If a partner does something sketch/out of character, they have given you a reason to investigate. If you never check their phone when they don't act shady, then your conscience should be clean.
>I spent such a long time trying to bury the shame I had that someone that I claimed to be my biggest pride and joy had been adopted. I'm now working through those feelings instead of hiding them.

This would be a really nice thing for OOP to tell his son.
Has your daughter by any chance shown an interest in trying to become an influencer with her new-found physique? The cutting off of a non-photogenic friends, the importance of having the right pictures, being at a resort - all are things that are very important to influencers. Has she gone down a rabbit hole?
NTA. And your daughter clearly picked up these attitudes from a toxic peer group. Possibly worth letting her see these answers so she can digest what a different group of people see her actions as.
Ikr? It's not like OP needs help dropping the car's transmission or something. No. It's "laundry". OP needs help removing his clothing.
Fun to see Basil Exposition in his salad days.
Steady rest. You can find videos on making your own even.

But depending on how far beyond the end of the lathe bed your piece could go, you could get some whipping action which is problematic. Bottom line is it's not a license to go as long as you want. Depending on what you're trying to do, you might need both a steady rest and a lathe bed extension.
>The purchases were strange. Like food, gas, some hobby items.

Perhaps he's buying these things on behalf of the women he follows.
Have been a few times and really enjoyed it. If you go back, try [Der Dicke Schmidt.](https://speisekartenweb.de/restaurants/dresden/der-dicke-schmidt-122014#section-speisekarte)
Same. When the sex abuse scandals broke years ago, parents pressured the school systems to stop allowing Cub Scout recruiting in the schools. Cub Scout recruiting fell off a cliff. Without the cub scouts feeding into the Boy Scouts the troops gradually withered.
That's a low bar for a partner. Partner implies that you're both contributing in meaningful ways to the relationship. If you were to fall ill/become disabled, you could become homeless with this guy.
In the early days it was possible to know everything there was to know in the field - protocols, modems, multiplexers, software. Now it's not even possible to know everything going on with javascript. Fragmentation and innovation is super fast, and trying to stay current on everything is not only impossible but risky. There's a lot of technologies that come on fast, stick around for awhile, then become obsolete/abandoned/moot, so any time invested in learning about them becomes a calculated risk that they're promising enough to be worth learning and not be a wasted effort.

I was never on the arpanet, but I remember all the bulletin board services, 300 baud modems (they rapidly got faster), GENIE, Compuserve, Prodigy, America Online, Hayes modems getting succeeded by US Robotics, the rise of ISPs. I was on Macs so I used software like Red Ryder. Reading the Cuckoo's Egg by Cliff Stoll (he's on Reddit) brought back memories when he was talking about the software he used. And speaking of that book, it would be a good one to read if you want to know what it was like to operate in those days.

Novell Netware was once THE important network infrastructure to know, at least in the business world. Token ring from IBM came up. IPX/SPX. My first email address was on Pine email. OS/2 tried to fend off Microsoft and lost. All in the dustbins now.

I remember when [Ripco got busted by the secret service](http://www.bbsdocumentary.com/photos/129ripco/FILES/ripco.htm).

Anyway, eventually Mosaic came out and the world changed pretty rapidly after that.
I haven't heard anything, but Holt is pretty rural. Pesticides, etc. are a thing. Could be entirely due to prolonged exposure to ag chemicals.

Dakotta does auto interiors, and could theoretically work with materials that are toxic, but who knows? Fibertec does petroleum and PFAS testing, so there's potential exposure there, but guessing they have good safety protocols.

Any common patterns on where these people worked or lived?
NTA. It's not HER day. It's THEIR day. These people helped raise him. She's out of line. So are her flying monkeys.
I try not to be overly bound by "rules". I read the Golden Dawn by Israel Regardie and was struck by how much they make their own implements, imbuing them with their own intent.

The bottom line is that YOU are the reader. Various spreads are a framework, but the magic comes from you. Whatever works and gives you good results is what you should use. You can invent your own spreads and if your intentions are clear about what the positions represent, you should get good results.

All that to say if this technique came to you in a dream, I would give it a try and see how well it works. If it works well, keep it. If it doesn't try something else. Sounds like a great message and a clue to how you might naturally operate though, and I would give it credence.
Sort of. It looks like the agitated water I've seen in underwater surfing shots when the waves are breaking, and by that I mean it looks like shallow water/breaking waves water, which isn't where I'd expect a whale to be.

[Example](https://i5.walmartimages.com/asr/fed6ffbf-0fad-4d5d-9619-90505151fdfe_1.cbf8751da5a8b723cdf9330605799372.jpeg).

I'd expect deeper water to look more like [this](https://www.treehugger.com/thmb/W4gtR4wJ5mf5hLfnnoRmda9ZolU=/4000x3000/filters:fill(auto,1)/cristian-palmer-XexawgzYOBc-unsplash-1653b580fa9c4fc1a4824f6dd5f497b3.jpg).
>Guys I’m I \[m26\] over reacting here ?

Yes. You're overreacting. Put a lid on it before you trash this relationship. Work on your insecurity.
Same. I've only ever seen them flat like a sand dollar.
Just as you wouldn't ask him to add one of your features to a tattoo that he would do for a paying customer his, he shouldn't ask that of you.
He was looking for more than lunch.
Garfield Park Conservatory is one of my faves, but it's pretty far out on the west side. Lincoln Park Conservatory is a mini version. Also check out some improv theater.
Whatever you end up doing, put this on ice indefinitely:

>were planning to have our first child later this year.
Epson has their Moverio glasses.
Rent for the square footage of your home office space.
Would also confront her counterpart: Knock this shit off or I will blow up your life.
This is fucking awful:

>Brace was diagnosed with ADHD and narcolepsy, forcing him to take medications that require proper hydration, especially during exercise.  
Despite his medical needs, the lawsuit said that two coaches would mock him when he asked for a water break, saying: "Do you think you are special and are allowed more water?"  
On the day of his death, Brace completed numerous sprints and then "sat down out of exhaustion", the lawsuit said.  
After being told that he would be kicked off the team, he is said to have performed an additional run to the top of the hill before stopping and saying: "I'm done. I can't do this anymore."  
"Suffering from heat stroke, Grant begged 'I need water, somebody help me,'" the lawsuit said, adding that he told people that he felt like he was dying and was speaking in gibberish phrases.  
Coaches screamed at him after the team returned indoors and he fled the wrestling room, the lawsuit said. He searched for a working water fountain, but collapsed and died before he could find one.

They new the kid had medical needs, didn't care, and killed a kid. AND, the university is still chest beating about how they could have won the suit, but are settling out of teh kindness of their hearts:

>A university spokesperson said the university believed that it could have defeated the lawsuit, "but the legal process would have been long, difficult and costly, ending years from now in a trial with an uncertain outcome".  
"The university made the decision to settle the case now in a manner it hopes will respect the Brace family's tremendous loss."

They can't even settle without being pricks. And that's bullshit. They just didn't want the ongoing PR nightmare hurting their reputation.

From their mission statement:

>The institution is grounded in Christian principles and leadership through service. 

Why is it that all these "Christian" organizations are the most oppressive?

>Two coaches named in the suit allegedly created an "atmosphere of fear of intimidation" on the team.

The NCAA has had content on the [importance of hydration for years](https://www.ncaa.org/sports/2016/7/20/heat-and-hydration.aspx):

>Adequate hydration before, during and after physical activity is critical to the safe and healthy participation of student-athletes in college sports. Intense exercise, hot and humid weather and dehydration can compromise an athlete’s performance and increase the risk of exertional heat injury.

Did these fucks care? Of course not. Because this was about showing the student athletes who was in charge.
NTA. Props to you for giving agency to a responsible teenager who has made her wishes perfectly clear. Good solution all around, and your parents need to stop stirring drama when parties have agreed a workable solution.
Why not pinochle? Passing 1-4 cards really toggles the points outcome, and exercises the bidding muscles.
Would be fun to list one of the numerous recently arrested pedophile pastors as a pastor reference.
OP let your wife read the comments on this post. If her usual circle thinks this is okay behavior, maybe it would be enlightening to her to see what a larger sample size thinks.
"for better or for worse" notwithstanding. Usually they literally DID sign up for that. They just never thought it would happen.
You're not upset enough for him. That's why he thinks you 'deserve' it. Keep on gray rocking.
Sounds like you should keep them apart regardless. Guess he's not coming to the wedding? Would be one of those types to object to the union.
Took a train from Munich > Innsbruck > Trento > Verona. The train ride over the Brenner Pass and through Northern Italy has beautiful mountain views, vineyards nestled against the cliffs, etc. Could stop anywhere along there for some nature.

The Verona Arena looks similar to but is actually older (and more complete) than the Coliseum in Rome, and is in [active use for operas](https://www.arena.it/it/arena-di-verona).
>**wanted to take a little off…**

Mission accomplished then.
You're too young to be putting your life on hold for a year. Time to move on and see if there's someone else out there for you. You'll find that finding someone else will magically solve this problem for you.

Of course as soon as that happens, your friend will suddenly be ready to try. Don't disrespect your new partner by entertaining that. You are not your friends yo-yo to be tossed away and be reeled back in when she decides. Do not be the yo-yo. Your friend has made a decision which has consequences. Consequences are how we learn. Don't deprive her of this lesson.
My favorite part is at the 52 second mark when she threads the entire opposing team untouched for a layup. They had given up on trying to stop her at that point.
In no particular order:

Frogg Toggs are great inexpensive rain gear for campouts.

Get an inflatable sleeping bag pad to lessen discomfort on campouts.

Watch all the videos on tips and tricks for making the pinewood derby car go fast. Your son can make the least aerodynamic car imaginable, but if you polish and graphite your wheel nails, the car will likely do well.

The arrow of light badge is the only one that transfers to Boy Scouts.
>Ourdoorsy. Cheap/frugal.

Peru fits the bill. Check it out.
Ryan Reynolds can't fall out of bed without making money.
This post is confusingly titled, as it's the ex who's moved on to a fiancé, and OOP isn't even dating anyone.
And as for him valuing experiences more than material things, how does the experience of doing a solid for a client not qualify?
jfc. I'd give the guy's license plate to the cops.
You are the company you keep. I'd drop this friend.
No one's mentioning an important part of the context, which is free body culture, or [Freikörperkultur](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freikörperkultur), which is pro-nudity. Everyone is allowed to sunbathe naked at the beach, in parks, etc. so it was inconsistent to prohibit it at pools.

Some more background [here](https://www.cnn.com/travel/article/naked-germany/index.html). Net net, the former East Germany is particularly pro-nudity, and prohibiting this at the pool was inconsistent with being open to it in other spheres.
Yes OP, he has set himself up as the arbiter of what constitutes 'correct' behavior in the relationship. In his mind, this is not a relationship of equals. He is the older and wiser person helper the younger and less wise person. Ick.
Cook book shelves.
Seems like OOP could go after stepdad in a suit for defamation, inflicting emotional distress, etc. There's motive, malice, proof. Seems like a winnable case.
Love your wit, OP!
No Dalai Lama answers here?
There's also [this video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbQ5qCJEEwc) from 12 years ago showing a 1v1 orca vs great white. The shark lost.
Yes. The interviewee's statement about this being a win for privacy is naive. Your purchase information has been marketed to third parties for years.
Amazon has it, but I'm sure any independent book store could order it for you.
>You don't view sex as something that exists between two partners to connect and share intimacy, rather it's just a mindless, meaningless and inconsequential act to "feel better" when you're down.

Agree with most of what you said except this. Sex can be both, and more. This is such a narrow way to look at it.
One of the infuriating things about 2008 is virtually no one was held accountable, especially the ratings agencies. When Biden says shit like, "No one is above the law."

...we all know it's bullshit. None of these gamblers-in-charge who made a stupid unhedged bet and were not faithful to their fiduciary responsibilities is going to suffer any real consequences.

So in that regard, I think this will be EXACTLY like 2008. I hope to be proven wrong.
You would be interested in The Vision of the Nazarene by Cyril Scott. Your take is pretty similar to his point of view.
Bless their hearts...
Shades of the Swing Kids movie, but in Denmark.

Oh, to be this cool...
Do they ever spray chemicals on the crops though? I’d be afraid of the effects of long term chemical exposure to pesticides especially.
I make something similar to this, but make the top 50-50 potatoes and Gilfeather turnip. Adds a nice dimension to it. I also add HP sauce or vegan worcestershire sauce to the base to add a tangy flavor. I call it cottage pie.
That may be, but it's a good brushback pitch, so to speak. Some places don't like to have to loop the lawyers in because it costs money. At the very least it should pause things and likely buy OP some time. And also signal that OP is not playing around.
>creates a hostile working environment for you.

Those are the magic words. If you have an attorney draft a letter to HR with a warning shot about them creating a hostile work environment, it puts HR in a box. Proceeding means they doubled down on the toxic work environment, terminating you is retaliation.

I'd still look for another job, but putting the squeeze on HR is a good short term solution.
Margin Call is so good!
I can relate. Next time you go, check out the [Circus of Maxentius](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Circus_of_Maxentius) along the [Appian Way](https://www.google.com/maps/place/Circus+of+Maxentius/@41.8548093,12.5193957,881m/data=!3m1!1e3!4m6!3m5!1s0x13258a1a99e70a03:0xd9f62f37b988a4a5!8m2!3d41.8544138!4d12.519267!16zL20vMGJreGNr). It's far more complete than the Circus Maximus. Definitely worth a look.
True or not, this is a genius idea.
It wasn't due to choking hazard, it was [ingestion hazard](https://www.cdc.gov/mmwr/preview/mmwrhtml/mm5548a3.htm). Kids tend to put things in their mouths. Swallowed magnets are powerful enough to magnetize to another magnet elsewhere in the GI tract, damaging the intestines. Super dangerous for kids due to them eating stuff they shouldn't, but can kill anyone who eats them. 

Example:

>at autopsy, nine cylindrical magnets, 6 mm in diameter, were found stacked together in his abdomen. The magnets had magnetically joined across two loops of intestine, causing a volvulus (i.e., twisting of the bowel) that compromised the blood supply to the bowel and led to necrosis, perforation, and sepsis.
Has anyone verified that brother hasn't taken money from the parents? He has the need and the means of access. Super dangerous situation for the financial well-being of your parents. Their retirement nest egg may be diminished/gone.
“Oh great! I see you have your socialism membership card!”
Scared about your husband's expectations of a 7 yo. Would probably be worth having him talk to a child psychologist about age appropriate behavior, because he's almost certainly going to take matters into his own hands behind your back, and you need to reset his expectations before he does/says something damaging to your daughter.
Yes - OP there's very little respect he's showing you, your job, anything. He's treating you like a servant. Do you really want to live like this?
The Magic Christian (1969) It sort of has a plot.  
One of the most imaginative movies I've ever seen is Paprika - the 2006 anime, not the 1991 movie.
I thought OOP was under-reacting. As soon as this gem came out:

>“ I am telling you and my money is mine don’t worry what I do with it. Plus I knew how much you made that’s why I haven’t been looking for a job and told my mom that she can start demolishing.”

...I would have been out. Super entitled controlling behavior, tantamount to financial abuse, and OOP hung around for more after that?
The Magic Christian (1969) It sort of has a plot.

One of the most imaginative movies I've ever seen is [Paprika](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SBrUhQ0_qYA) \- the 2006 anime, not the 1991 movie.
Yeah but that's the coolest looking bloom I've seen. I want to read it like tea leaves. Just melt and have another go.

Chocolate Alchemy has some good [content](https://chocolatealchemy.com/tempering-and-molding/) on tempering.
>I feel like this relationship will become transactional.

Sorry to say but it's already transactional. This passive aggressive 'communication' from his side is terrible. Marriage counseling time. In its current form, this is not the relationship you want to be in. It needs to change.
If it’s warm enough, and you have the time for it, I’d recommend rafting/kayaking from just above Horseshoe Bend. It’s spectacular.
Looks a lot like [this one](https://www.tidebuy.com/product/chasing-gladius-mini-underwater-drone) for $55.
Oof. Dude is in for a world of disappointment from this level of black/white thinking. Lose the job, lose the SO. He's just looking around to see what toe he wants to shoot off next.
>She did sign something giving him full rights and ownership of the pictures, but he promised to consult with her over if he wants to use any for anything.

This is the worst part. You have no legal recourse, only what you can get him to agree to by discussing with him.
The Ayahuasca fart warning shot.
I went to Prague on a national holiday. Could barely get through the square, find a place to eat. Etc. I hated it and left after a day. I loved Nuremberg on the other hand. Super pedestrian friendly, easy to get around, great museums. I’m vegan and found it simpler to dine in Nuremberg.
OP, you might want to look at [Barbara Brennan's](https://store.barbarabrennan.com/collections/books) books and classes.
That, or since McDonalds is a regular sponsor of the Olympics, that seems like the kind of thing they would have made for VIP hospitality events, perhaps at the Vancouver games in 2010. If that were the case though, I would expect to see the rings on it.
OP, check out [Sefirot](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sefirot).
This. Easy fix OP. Next time your sister's bf is there and your bf wasn't invited, just leave. They'll soon learn the price of your attendance is his attendance.
Going The Cask of Amontillado route.
And if they can't find someone, they need to just have one or more people who are already there cross train on your responsibilities so they can train your replacement if it takes a while. This is their problem, not yours. They have not seen fit to ensure people can cover for each other.
\+1 Make it off-duty cop security, tell him/them what's likely to happen and see if he can be arrested for trespass.

You can visit him in jail and say, "It's just a security prank bro! Where's your sense of humor? We thought it would be funny if you missed the wedding..."
Wow.
"What's unprofessional is you not communicating when you took more than twice the time on a deadline that YOU set."
>totally lost as to how to progress.

"Good luck with that..."

Then make him your ex.
I don't know that poking her wound is going to make anything better...
Allen's Plumbing sewer and drain cleaning. Have used him multiple times. Great guy.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Went a few years ago. You can rent kayaks at Lee’s Ferry and they’ll ride you up above horseshoe bend (petroglyphs just on the right side of this photo) and you can drift paddle back down. Fantastic way to spend a day. Bring a picnic. Incredibly peaceful and the scale of the place is astonishing. It’s gigantic.
Sad to see the write up on chestnut on your fourth image. That book was written before the blight wiped out the American chestnut.
You have a great eye op.
The medical profession has been run into the ground. That tank is empty.
Different people need different doses. I went to a 3 ceremony weekend having never done Aya before. I needed 3 ceremonies close together to calibrate the dose to the effects. By the third ceremony, you have a good handle on what dose will result in what effects, so for me it was a perfect set up. I also learned that I didn't have any visual experiences with my eyes open, and best results were had eyes closed.

Anyway, for first timers, I think it's a great arrangement to dial things up or down, depending on what you're shooting for.
Beautifully put.
Good to know. Thanks for posting.
Once one cat gets it, the other will figure it out.
Sure, but then the considerate thing to do would be to communicate once she had safely arrived. She ignored his calls after. She was the author of his anxiety.
This. Perhaps your voice sounds young?
Be Rick Steves.
Because they get paid by authoritarians.
"I thought only people who steal from their employers go there..."
Aya at SoulQuest was my first. Really positive experience.
Was going to say, “Don’t just stand there! Get it out of the forest.”
As you get older though and require more medical attention, you may find that countries with national health care are less likely to medically bankrupt you.
The [statue of the Republic](https://www.chicagoparkdistrict.com/parks-facilities/statue-republic) on Stony Island is actually a smaller reproduction of the original that was a centerpiece of the Columbian Exposition in 1893, which was destroyed by fire.
Agree with everyone else that you're fundamentally not compatible. But:

>She believes that the Soviet Union was great and that capitalism is cancer and that the west is governed by super rich elites that control everything

...she's naive if she doesn't think that rich oligarchs don't govern and control everything in Russia.

It's like dating a QAnon person. If you don't even agree on the nature of reality, there's no basis for a relationship, which requires a shared reality.
It would also be reachable by someone breaking your lower side window. Perhaps a better deterrent would be to get a dog.
OP, if the situation was reversed, would you be comfortable with your husband meeting up with an ex (that he at one time thought was the love of his life) in the same circumstances? How would you feel - and what would you think it meant - if you expressed reservations and he went anyway?
Yes. Catches that fire the tool through multiple walls.
Body Heat with Kathleen Turner

Wild Things with Neve Campbell
Was going to say now OP can use it to play fetch with the pet wolves.
Or maybe a pie every week. But then you'd have to get fat.

In your shoes, I'd go for a pie a month, plus some kind of farm produce like doihavtasay suggested. Groceries are expensive these days. A little barter could be a good thing.

When (if) you talk to the lawyer, make sure you're indemnified from any liability if anyone hurts themselves either constructing the phone booth or using it later.

And maybe look into agreement transferability if you ever want to sell your place.
\+1 for [biscuit joiner](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vEFqrNDC3iM). Find a friend who has one OP.
You say you're leaning toward business, which leaves open the possibility that you may ultimately decide on something else. One advantage of a larger university is that they have, shall we say, a deep bench of high quality alternative major programs if you become disenchanted with your original direction.
[KKK in the 1920s](https://billofrightsinstitute.org/essays/the-ku-klux-klan-in-the-1920s) (they declined during the Depression) from the Bill of Rights Institute:

>Some said Klan membership reached 8 million by the mid-1920s, but the actual number was somewhere between 2.5 and 4 million. Still, that was enough to make the Klan an organization to be feared not only when it physically threatened blacks, Catholics, Jews, bootleggers, or local adulterers but also when it burned fiery crosses on deserted hillsides or on the front lawns of its opponents (including future radio demagogue Father Charles A. Coughlin). During the decade, it even exercised great power at the ballot box, helping to elect governors in Alabama, California, Oregon, and Indiana. An estimated 75 House members took their seats with KKK assistance in the 1920s. They included Earl Mayfield, as U.S. senator from Texas in 1922, and future U.S. Supreme Court Justice Hugo Black from Alabama in 1926.

The total white population - men, women and children - was 94 million in 1920. Assuming half were male, (47 million), and somewhere between 20-25% of those were children, that would leave 35-37 million white male adults. That would put Klan membership in the low teens nationwide.

However, Klan membership was very high in certain states, so it's possible the 1/3 proportion was true in those areas of high concentration;

>In 1924, more than 40 percent of all Klan membership could be found in just three states (Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois), but the Klan also secured significant support in Maine, Colorado, and Oregon (where it helped ban Catholic schools). It enjoyed a small-town base but also appealed to big-city Protestants, with large chapters in such cities as Chicago, Detroit, Pittsburgh, Dallas, and Indianapolis.

Listed sources:

Chalmers, David M. Hooded Americanism: The History of the Ku Klux Klan. Durham, NC: Duke University Press, 1987.  
Coben, Stanley. Rebellion Against Victorianism: The Impetus for Cultural Change in 1920s America. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press, 1991.  
Jackson, Kenneth T. The Ku Klux Klan in the City, 1915-1930. Chicago: Ivan R. Dee, 1967.  
MacLean, Nancy. Behind the Mask of Chivalry: The Making of the Second Ku Klux Klan. Oxford, UK: Oxford University Press, 1994.  
Pegram, Thomas R. One Hundred Percent American: The Rebirth and Decline of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1920s. Chicago: Ivan R. Dee, 2011.
Yaktrax help with that.
FDR had it right: fear. The histrionic divide has at its root fear and insecurity. Couple that with weaponized algorithms, and here we are.
I mask (KN95) when going indoors, on planes, etc, so I never eat inside restaurants - eat outside or delivery or take out only. I pay super close attention to mask fit. I'm also vaxxed, but that only lessens severity, it doesn't make you bullet proof. Masking works.
Naval jelly
V for Vendetta
Or pharmaceuticals heading towards off-patent status.
>Mia Riley was asleep in a bassinet next to at least six adults at her grandfather’s home in Moruya, on New South Wales’ south coast, on Saturday night when the dogs suddenly attacked

People are often oblivious to dog body language. Proximity to the alpha matters, and a lower ranking animal has no business being in the higher ranking animal's spot. I've seen a dominant dog attack another dog because it was sitting close to the owner.

The baby was right next to the adults, and I wouldn't be surprised if the dogs thought that should have been their spot.
You are (or you're going to be) who you choose to associate with. Pick better friends.
This is the kind of moment where I actually appreciate class-action lawyers.
Congrats on facing down that terror and coming out the other side. How’s the integration work going?
LBJ. The man had a list of legislative accomplishments that will never be exceeded by another president. Voting Rights Act, Immigration and Nationality Act, Elementary and Secondary Education Act.

War on poverty initiatives: Revenue Act, Economic Opportunity Act, Head Start, Food Stamps, Work Study, Model Cities Program, Medicare, Medicaid.

Created Transportation Department, Gun Control Act of 1968. Presidents these days would be lucky to get maybe 2 big initiatives passed. The guy ran the table. Plus he got Thurgood Marshall, the first black justice, on the Supreme Court, which was tough sailing against racist southern politicians.

Legend.
Bad take. Adam DID communicate and clearly expressed his wishes. OP's dad stole the dog from its home. OP and dad were in the wrong, and OP's mom did the right thing. Props to her.
Walmart in Okemos has a similar optometry setup.
Looks like a clock key, like the one on the lower left of this [picture](https://www.etsy.com/listing/1410895387/assortment-of-antiquevintage-metal-clock).
I agree, and I’m not suggesting that anyone should not hold vendors accountable. I’m saying that avoiding a confrontational relationship, especially during team meetings, will probably get you a more productive working relationship.
Ah. Important detail. My advice was for drywall. For concrete I’d snip it.
That first picture looks like plaster, not drywall. Normal settling crack for an old house.
All of these suggestions will work, but did you consider using a small screwdriver and just enlarging the hole slightly so the nut will clear? If you're patching the hole, making it slightly larger won't matter.
And never ever throw the vendor's technical people under the bus. They are your brothers and sisters in arms, and you're in this together. Make sure you show appreciation for their efforts in meetings.
> they responded outright by writing that they were glad I had paid them back, but that **they didn't love me anymore**, that their lives were better without me regardless what I did, and an order that I never contact again.

Saying they didn't love him any more was a step too far. That was not appropriate. So was saying to never contact them again. They could have said it's still too soon, and we'll see, but instead they said go away and never come back.

Their request was granted.
Same shaped dice (but un-numbered) are used for the Royal Game of Ur. Some math can be found [here](http://elzy1337.blogspot.com/2012/11/royal-game-of-ur-royal-game-of-ur-was.html).
Try Okemos, east of East Lansing, or Haslett, which is just north.
Nancy Moore Park in Okemos. Park and head east straight across the park past the baseball fields, then over the bridge into the woods.
Cell phone video is a fantastic tool to protect against these false accusations. I now video everywhere bugs the shit out of a lot of people, but what a great defense against people who try to weaponize their privilege in he said-she said scenarios. Ditto for dash cams.
Maybe Peckham by the airport?
To me the most telling thing in the picture was the sticker that said a small man can cast a large shadow.
I like it on [bubble and squeak](https://www.thespruceeats.com/traditional-bubble-and-squeak-recipe-435202).
Also, [Project Gutenberg](https://www.gutenberg.org) is your friend.
I thought the same thing. I can’t imagine you’d get open cracks like this if you were applying pressure to both sides of the clay.
She sounds like even negative attention is better than no attention, so she throws firebombs to get a reaction.
How crushing must it be to have spawned this worldwide movement yet be considered insignificant? The creation outgrew its creator years ago, and here he is scrounging for scraps. Has to burn.
That cast iron is caulked with lead. Melting the brass melts the lead.
Don’t pay his credit cards. He can pay them from the job get gets. Or not. Let them default. He won’t be able to rack up any more bills or get new cards.
r/ConvenientCop
To me it looks like the cloth loop should go under the metal loop then around the end of the pole. Does the thin part of the pole retract? If so, that would facilitate getting the cloth loop over the end.
Not to mention that the exodus of H-1Bs is going to increase the tech worker shortage when these companies want to start hiring again. They just made their future problems worse.
Drone strikes, yes, but I'm also still salty about him holding literally NO ONE from Wall Street accountable for crashing the economy, especially the ratings agencies who facilitated the whole thing.

Otherwise, yes, decent, sane, extremely competent president.
More like Month Python theme.
Harry Potter patronus vibes.
Looks a bit like Faith Hill in this pic.
OP, pull up Google maps on East Lansing and scan around - south/SE of campus - some of which is owned by MSU - is your best bet for close and acreage. Once you find a promising area, go to Zillow.
Why not make a game of it? If action X shows up in a log, turn it around and say if you want to figure out how to accomplish action X stealthily so it doesn't show up in a log, figure out how to do that. Boom, you're on your way to red teaming.
Before you replace a board, loosen your corner screws, weigh all 4 corners down flat, then re-tighten your screws and see if it holds flat. If you twisted it at all when you were tightening your corners, you may have clamped the twist in during tightening.
And make sure you try the doubles.
Many years ago I was speaking to a friend of mine about how certain branches of Freemasonry allowed women, Annie Besant being one such Masonic example.

He was very steadfast in his position that it was very important for there to be men-only spaces, and that certain kinds of conversations would only happen in the company of men. He wasn't specific, but he had been in war zones, and at the time, it was unheard of to have women in combat zones. I hadn't considered that male veterans commiserating with other male veterans might go through some raw emotions that they wouldn't be comfortable displaying with women around.

Likewise, there are certainly conversations among women that they probably wouldn't be comfortable having in front of men. I think what used to be gender-specific discourse is more widely discussed between the genders now - and even between generations - than was done in the past.

Still, I think there's still some merit to having single gender spaces in order to have certain kinds of discussions, just as it's a good thing to have things like support group spaces, for example, to discuss things such as struggles with substance abuse.

Belonging to a group of fellow travelers is important.
I've read spiders specifically.
That looks ceramic, so not likely to be from a [Codd bottle](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Codd-neck_bottle), but that's about the right size for the glass ball from a Codd bottle. For future reference.
[Linesman pliers](https://www.harborfreight.com/9-in-linesman-pliers-64107.html?utm_source=bing&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=425671840&campaignid=425671840&utm_content=1158886282678436&adsetid=1158886282678436&product=64107&store=&msclkid=323e72907b7f1f059ec3115eece74ce9) would cut that if you have a strong grip. Would leave a sharp edge you'd want to sand down.
Should cross post to r/nextfuckinglevel
It's like the [museum scene](https://youtu.be/RnTq1OJ8ymQ?t=102) in Copenhagen.
Dating someone 6 years younger. Dude likes them younger - girls, in his mind. More likely to put up with his asshattery.
And all the quiet quitting stories got inside their heads. They should look at their own productivity numbers and figure out what's real on their own.
RIP Delucas. Anyone tried Spice of Slice in Jackson/Spring Arbor?
It's already happened before, so I'm expecting it to happen again: one or more of these laid off people was in charge of renewing certificates, and in the shitshow aftermath of these mass cullings, all of the important assignments are not going to be picked up by someone else as they should be.

In the months ahead, there will be some outage(s) due to expired certificates. For the next several months, maybe don't leave any critical banking/transactions until the last minute.
Journalism.
That's wild. Except for the outer layer, it almost looks like a chunk of jewelers rouge.
For the big company that's a small customer, if you don't ever see them becoming a significant customer and you can live without them, I'd respond that you're sorry that you are unable to conduct business on their terms and good luck finding a new supplier.

Life is so much nicer when you don't have to accommodate bad behavior from customers.

Agree with others that you should not defer bills for 4 months for anyone. That's asking to get taken to the cleaners in their bankruptcy filing. As for them needing to build stock, if you look into their solvency and think they'll be good for it, YOU can build up stock of what they need (assuming legitimate supply chain issues), hold it in your warehouse, and only ship it to them at the end of summer. OR, offer to drop ship for them so they don't have your inventory.
>a manipulative 15-year old that's basically all red flags is completely controlling my emotions

This is all you need to know. Run like the wind. You're one false accusation away from having her ruin your life. Do not spend any more time alone with her. You shouldn't even have conversations with her without recording them.

\+1 on the budding sociopath.
That's not exactly it though. Sure everyone has a past. But do they hang out with former partners on a best friend basis?

It would be completely different for OP if they didn't hang out with this couple on a regular basis.
Maybe you should watch the movie Chasing Amy.
>Don't take away his agency like that.

Perfectly put. If he chooses to get back together with you, he should do so with full knowledge of the facts.
You're at different stages. She's just starting her college career and doesn't want to miss out. Totally reasonable to want that. Freshmen want to and need to sample everything, and you need more time from her than she has to give.

You've been there already and are interested in having a partner. She's not in a place where she can be a good partner to you. I'd let this go and meet someone whose head is in the same place as yours.
All of this sounded normal and fine - including hanging out with the bff - until this:

>A man she met only 2 nights before when this trip started, comes out to the balcony and asks,"who are you talking to?"  
\- She then responds jokingly with, "MY BESTIE".

She misrepresented your relationship to some guy who clearly wants to spend time with her.

That was shady.

If she's not comfortable being in a committed relationship, then she shouldn't be in one. And you shouldn't be in one with her.
>Part of the aim of this kind of monitoring is to establish areas in which those from less advantageous backgrounds may be less likely to apply, and why, in order to improve accessibility and equality of opportunity.

Ironically, I think questions like these might discourage some people from applying. The implication is that they're looking for people with a certain background. Giving a reason like the one above before the question might make people more likely  to answer.
It's not 'all of a sudden'. These issues have been in the news for years.

Arizona is in a 20 year drought. [Lake Powell levels](https://www.newsweek.com/lake-powell-water-level-update-arizona-city-begins-conserving-water-1774478) have been dropping for years. They're getting ever closer to the level where they won't be able to generate power.

[Lake Mead water levels](https://www.msn.com/en-us/weather/topstories/how-lake-mead-water-levels-look-after-weeks-of-heavy-rainfall/ar-AA16vW4M) have been falling, exposing dead bodies the last couple of years. Even after all of the recent rain, Lake Mead is at 28% of its capacity.
Beautiful. Because their corollary is what? That scientists are agents of The Deceiver? By that logic, any technological implement they use in everyday life is Of Satan. That car you're driving? Satanmobile. Indoor heating? Satanic. Best go back to a fireplace. Telephones? Go see them in person to talk.
Cleaning boat bottoms in the Thames in scuba gear.
Wake up the Gimp.
Life is a highway

The Joker by Steve Miller Band

(Don't Fear) The Reaper
Sucker Punch
These cause about one small explosion per week at a nearby battery recycler. Do NOT let them stack. Tape them to cards or something. One small jiggle of that drawer and you’ll have a fire hazard.
You might also check over on r/OSINT
>How should i react? He made me cry when he punched the wall and didnt even ask me if im ok. He slamed the doors and left the house for an hour and then texted me to ask if its over.

Tell him yes, and get out of this abusive relationship before he switches from punching walls to punching you.

It always escalates, right? What's the escalation from punching the wall?

Your boyfriend is not lovely and romantic. He wants to control you. When love bombing doesn't work, you get this.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

You're thinking of a [pie safe](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pie_safe), which had the same general shape, but had a perforated or screened front so the steam could escape from the pies. They were for keeping bugs (and mice) off the pies while they cooled.

The ice chest is heavily insulated and pretty air tight.
What a lazy take.
Don't watch Interstellar then.
Agree. Employer sucks. My point was that their filter may not be working as they intended it to.
Or possibly people with other jobs who can only interview at odd hours.
Poor dude. Sounds like the shirt accurately pertains to him. Amazed he's continuing to try to hang onto his marriage.
You could just say, Look, I gave you 3 weeks as a courtesy for the purposes of transitioning duties and training a replacement. If you just want to dump junk on my desk, I can save us both some time and energy and leave early. Which would you prefer?
And maybe some friends, and experiences you'll always remember, and some self-knowledge and knowledge of the word, in addition to your book knowledge.
> I’ve just personally never seen an 8.5’ L (101”) x 20” W & 4/4 to 5/4 thick, slab of ANYTHING go for $10,000

[Swamp/Ancient Kauri](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Swamp_kauri) could go for that much, but it's an extinct bogwood that's 50,000 years old, and there will never be any more of it grown. [Beautiful stuff](https://www.woodworkingnetwork.com/wood/pricing-supply/how-do-you-finish-50000-year-old-kauri-wood-0), though.
Doesn't feel real. The 'loving family' was amazingly quick to cast dad out and take the word of a proven bad actor - but if something like this happened in the US, it would be lawyer time for a slander suit. Having to prove the facts before a court is a whole different level and would have made this accusation crumble.
In that case I’d give the professionally worded exit feedback to the company president/owner with the explanation that since this exit feedback pertains to HR, it wasn’t appropriate to give it to HR.
If you don't start until Feb 20th, Putting your two weeks in last week was jumping the gun. Assume they didn't tell you about the bg check until just now?
There IS something in the water there. Wolverine Worldwide [contaminated the water](https://www.outsidebusinessjournal.com/brands/wolverine-worldwide-linked-to-contaminated-water/).
Not to mention that the GOP congress is moving to undo the 87,000 agents.
In a zippered compartment. If bag needs to be opened for inspection, don't want the tag falling out.
First heard about those in the [Take Off](https://youtu.be/8Jm4LoOaAWI?t=46) song with Bob and Doug.
Same. Accidents happen. Yes, hunter was negligent, but no way in hell am I taking dogs into the woods when I know there are hunters in there. The article says the dog owner said he saw the hunters and told them he'd be out of their way in a few.

He got off without consequences from the game commission, but hunter is definitely going to be on the receiving end of a civil suit. Owners have hired a lawyer. They're pissed and who could blame them.
"I'll give her the candidate back when she gives me the fee for mine back."
Conceptually, it's kind of a mash-up of time of day - dawn, mid day, sunset, night - and seasons. The sky coloring is determined by time of day. The state of the trees and humans is determined by season.
Unless she miscarried, that doesn't tally with Maria's wikipedia page:

>"I really and truly was not in love. I liked him but didn't love him. However, I loved the children, so in a way I really married the children. I learned to love him more than I have ever loved before or after."\[13\] They were married on 26 November 1927 and had three children together: Rosmarie (1929-2022), Eleonore ("Lorli") (1931-2021) and Johannes (born 1939).

Married in 1927, she didn't have her first child until 1929.
r/PraiseTheCameraMan for walking into a building that I wouldn't want to be inside on a windy day.
>tell me specifically how YOU used that.

Great approach.
I even had the [model](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=http%3A%2F%2Fculttvman.com%2Fmain%2Fwp-content%2Fuploads%2F2010%2F04%2Ftshornbanana06.jpg&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=e328fd3ec93390bf7bcbbd780fe6778d9a3223525039865e41656543ff832bbb&ipo=images).
Poor dog.
Residential land lines, pay phones.
Fantastic work!. Kind of reminds me of [Tony Meeuwissen](https://folioart.co.uk/illustrator/tony-meeuwissen/), a bit like his [ace of hearts](https://folioart.co.uk/illustrator/tony-meeuwissen/#illustration=the-key-to-the-kingdom-ace-of-hearts).
Whistleblower time?
I'd start with a lawyer. As soon as GM gets wind of that, OP's issue is going to be top of the list.
They can't force you. But if you want to give a reason, just say you don't want to work there any more. That's reason enough.
Oh I agree, but sometimes bad breaks happen. Here's OP who lives near where a gun was dumped. If he happens to be in the wrong place at the wrong time at some point in the future - picks up a friend and gets pulled over and friend has something on him  that he shouldn't have - some cop could go, "You know, OP WAS that guy who 'found' the weapon near his house..."
Shoot it? I wouldn't even want my fingerprints on it. Potentially contaminating evidence of a crime.

"So OP, this was used in a convenience store robbery 4 months ago. Where were you that night...? 'Just found it' you say."
Nothing like having the business end of a cat right next to your face.
The Westward series remake is excellent.
I predict a cottage industry in bypassing rfid/bluetooth locks in 3... 2... 1...
"Thank you for that helpful input."

It's just sarcastic enough to let them know they were rude, yet no one could say you were being rude.
Great take on the supply chain staples. I think even what most would consider low-value stuff like toothpaste, toothbrushes and band-aids would be valuable after a while. Super glue can be used to hold deep cuts closed.
Looks super sturdy. No question it can hold the weight. I'd be more concerned about holding square. If you put even 1/4 plywood on the back to hold it square, you're golden.
Lots of good suggestions here. You should also get on NextDoor if you haven't already.
Dude's going to miss these moments before too long. Good on him for recording.
I would suggest Michigan. Especially in the UP, [land can be very cheap](https://www.landsearch.com/properties/michigan/filter/buffer=true,limit=50,paginate=true,size[min]=10,sort=price).

Thinking long-term about climate change and water scarcity, you can't do much better than a state that's right in the middle of the largest repository of fresh water on earth, with over 3200 miles of freshwater coastline.
Record some video. You may need it later.
Not salary band. People like loan officers are writing contracts that can bind the bank legally. In order to be authorized to sign contracts on behalf of a company, you need to be an [officer of the company](https://www.lawinsider.com/dictionary/officer-of-a-company): Director, VP, etc. Also, when you're an officer of the company, [fiduciary responsibility](https://www.stimmel-law.com/en/articles/corporate-officers-duties-and-fiduciary-responsibilities) rules apply to you, requiring you to act in the best interests of the company, etc. It's why banks have so many vice presidents.
Poor empty-handed girl...
Very confusing to newbies on dates...
Happy cake day!
And if they need to poop/pee?
How to talk to girls at parties
Looks like a ceiling fan chain pull
[Self employment tax](https://www.irs.gov/businesses/small-businesses-self-employed/self-employment-tax-social-security-and-medicare-taxes) is 15.3%, which you’d be paying if you go sole proprietor. Your boss is currently paying this, so absent a significant hourly rate hike, you would lose money on his proposal.
Interesting. It can be found in almost any drug store in the US. From [WebMD](https://www.webmd.com/drugs/2/drug-153865/mineral-oil-laxative-oral/details).
Tip: mineral oil can be more cheaply bought at the pharmacy as a laxative, and that’s a higher grade-drug grade instead of food grade. Check out the price difference.
I know. I was looking for a Best in Show reference.
The actual final duel. Yes it was talky and not very cinematic, but the movie version is ridiculous. It happening in front of the crowd - a witnessed downfall resulting in an ordinary corpse instead of a shower of dust - those were such important elements. And there was also the explanation about the messianic bit, that Harry had tried to sacrifice himself to save all of the others, and that was why Voldemort had blunted effectiveness, was also a key point.

Again, overly talky, not cinematic, but it could have been done well, and instead we got that lazy spectacle.
Something something false idols.
I don't think the company would have much trouble figuring out who made the specific post.
At the very least give new employer a heads up that they’re being very aggressive in trying to find out where you went and that it’s likely they’ll be contacted.
The vaccine is specifically designed to blunt COVID’s attack on your lungs so you don’t end up with pneumonia/lung blood clots/dead. You will still get sick. Your upper respiratory tract will take a hit. You will still have the flu. The vaccine will allow you to keep breathing and greatly reduce your need for hospitalization. If you don’t want lung blood clots, get the vaccine.
Tbf. It is the beginning of the year and she may be getting asked to set her budget for the year. Being charitable, she may just be trying to set you up for success when the timing is tricky. Just tell her you have no way of knowing at this point, are getting your affairs in order and won’t be able to start looking at this until you arrive.
Circular Firing Squad
I wasn't the pool operator, nor one of the workers making up the batch of chlorine, just a lifeguard on duty who got to deal with the event and the aftermath.
So given that lithium hypochlorite is more expensive than sodium hypochlorite and calcium hypochlorite, I'm guessing the combination was sodium hypochlorite and calcium hypochlorite.

I was a lifeguard at the time, but I had to write a report about the incident. The workers who had been mixing the batch weren't positive about what they had used, so I did a small test after hours with what they thought they might have used. I put about a 1/4 cup of each in a plastic bucket, and poured a tall cup of water over it and moved away. Nothing happened. I moved to a point where I could see the mixture, and it was just kind of gently fizzing like baking soda. It continued to do that for some time - a minute or three - and I assumed they didn't correctly remember the chemicals used. Then it exploded really loudly (think [M-80](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/M-80_(explosive)), for those of you familiar with fireworks), blowing a grapefruit sized hole in the side of the bucket.
[Lithium hypochlorite](https://poolonomics.com/lithium-hypochlorite/)
Definitely, Maybe

The Gentlemen
Think of all precision made drafting tools gathering dust in attics and thrift stores. French curves that were once treated carefully probably ended up being used by little kids.
It’s been decades and I don’t recall the exact formulations. Common formulations are sodium hypochlorite, calcium hypochlorite, lithium hypochlorite, and stabilized formulations that contain cyanuric acid to retard UV light degradation.
Different formulations of powdered chlorine for swimming pools. Funnily enough, if you run out of one kind of powder and add the other one to a 600 gallon vat before sticking a garden hose in, after about a minute or so, the two formulations will violently react, that vat will start hopping around, and a 30 foot cloud of chlorine gas will be created and drift over a swimming pool full of kids, some of whom will require medical attention.
I know. Direct deposit is cheaper for them than printing and mailing a physical check.
Neuhaus. Hard to choose a specific favorite, but the caprice and cornets are up there. And the 1857.
Extended warranties
A landline telephone ringing.
The funeral in Eulogy is fantastic!
So, it seems like a scenario like this would have actually held up the certifying of the election results in 2021. If the house members can't be sworn in until a speaker is chosen, and the certifying of the election results happens during a joint session of congress, how would that be possible if the house members couldn't be sworn in?
Even though he sang in Darby O'Gill and the Little People, he had to sing in The Name of The Rose and there's a [fun scene](https://youtu.be/x3oTVdZVJ1c?t=1417) in the making-of movie where they're having song practice and he clearly thinks his singing isn't up to scratch.
Yes. Some cats are offended by violations of their bodily autonomy. Ours will allow a temporary pickup if we need to move him somewhere, but definitely wants to be put down asap. He's otherwise very social, talkative and gregarious with humans.
For years there's been some noise/denial that 'Mussolini wasn't that bad' and that it was all overblown. [A 20 year-old example from Berlusconi](https://www.theguardian.com/media/2003/sep/12/italy.pressandpublishing). Giorgia Meloni is on record for having praised Mussolini in the past, and that didn't stop her from being elected.
Same. Was blown away by that performance. I couldn’t believe it was the same guy who played the bratty teenager in Big Trouble.
“We’ll since that’s the case, I might as well just leave now.”
Older apartments in Chicago often have maple floors in kitchens when the rest of the unit is floored in oak. Supposedly maple withstands getting wet better than oak. I guess that makes sense since oak is more porous and would be likely to expand and contract more than maple if it gets wet.
Just a thought, but maybe best for the paint job to not point that at your truck.
ManBoy
Old houses with plaster walls used to use a 3/4 round decorative wood trim. Can't recall its exact name, but imagine a dowel with 1/4 of it removed, then affixed to the corner. It had nice finials on either end, and was usually positioned around the height where it might take contact, especially on a stairway going around a corner. The ones I've seen were around 3-4 feet long, and did not extend to the floor or ceiling.

Anyway, a dowel (maybe 1 or 1/14" in diameter) with a nicely turned end, about 4-5" tall and sitting on the lower floor, could look nice here, and you'd router your board ends to meet the rounded surface.

Look would be similar to [this](https://external-content.duckduckgo.com/iu/?u=https%3A%2F%2Fi.pinimg.com%2F236x%2Ffc%2Fcb%2Fb6%2Ffccbb6fe6ad8197a47c4c4a5abd5c940--farm-house-for-sale-farmhouse-design.jpg&f=1&nofb=1&ipt=4423e92c9279835e48ef2515857c57b12d6c60e2436fe30ed45fd68cff7fab88&ipo=images). Or you could just do that, and make it square and not round.

ETA: Just check this [Pinterest board](https://www.pinterest.com/pin/ornamental-mouldings-hardwood-outside-base-connector-floor-moulding-825-h-x-113-w-x-113-d-corner-molding--48061921072698112/) for ideas. Lots of options here.

Update: Apparently what I was trying to describe above is called a [corner guard](https://highlandmanorwoodproducts.com/corner-guard-48-long-x-1-3-8-diameter-90-degree-notch-round-traditional-both-ends-turned/?sku=CG08-M).
So a bit more than 9X. Ask him what he was earning back then, and make it clear that you're not earning 9X more today.
Spurlock’s premise though was that he would eat what McDonald’s suggested in their ‘suggestive selling’. If they asked if he wanted fries with that, he would agree. If they asked if he wanted to supersize that, he would agree. Of course it’s possible to eat in moderation there. His point was that if you took their suggestions, you wouldn’t be.
It almost looks to me that someone started on the flat that you see part of just to the right of the horn, and then tried to build it up with rows of welds, perhaps with the end goal of grinding it flat.
Parachuting out of an air liner with engines in this configuration seems dicey. Would you  basically be jumping into the engines? Unless there's some way to jump out of the belly of the plane.
Funny how having your best receiver taken out of the game due to concussion protocol results in ‘letting up off the gas’.
None of us looking at this will ever create anything that will still be in existence in 3,000 years. Humbling. Beautiful craftsmanship.
Eh. As soon as Harrison Jr. Got taken out for concussion protocol, offensive options got a lot more limited. That play was the beginning of the end right there. Stroud did his best with what he had left to work with, but he couldn’t do it all.
Don’t think he choked. Watch the replay and watch his interaction with the holder after the kick. I think the holder botched it because Ruggles was clearly trying to console him afterwards. Ruggles is going to take the blame though.
Don’t think it would have ended up that way without Harrison Jr getting taken out due to concussion protocol
Don’t think that was on Ruggles. Setter looked horrified and Ruggles pulled him up. Guessing he didn’t set the ball correctly for Ruggles.
Did you see the kicker pull up the setter? I think the setter botched the set and that why the kick was so off. Setter looked devastated at the end.
I was rooting for Michigan. An all Big Ten final would have been awesome. But damn, if the Buckeyes end up winning it all, how chapped are Michigan fans going to be…
Uncharted just set up a sequel, but the movie was so terrible I hope it never happens.
Have had really good results with [Scar-Ban](https://www.baar.com/scar-ban-roll-on). Give it a try if scars bother you.
RIP Schoep
I get that. But I’ve seen nothing that said he even attempted any sort of victim restitution. He could and should.
Second Hand Lions
Hugo
Ghost Busters movies
Old Yeller
Any Studio Ghibli movies
Dude’s rich. If he really wanted to ‘make things right’ with the people he attacked, he could have had lawyers reach out to make financial restitution to those people, similar to what an expected payout would be in a civil action.
You’re right! I got it confused with [Amazing Animation](https://youtu.be/TS3wXt1fUwg).

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

He started so young, his job is his world. It's his social outlet. Who would he talk to if he retired?
I liked KidPix, an animation program that Claris had in the early 90s, but ClarisWorks was fantastic.
Why not just deposit with your bank’s app? That’s branchless.
Nausicaa
Or to homeless/battered women's shelters. Some people REALLY need a phone to get back on their feet.
Nor texted that she took her work product - that she was paid for - with her.
Might also check with a scrap metal yard.
Low profile tires + pot holes are a bad combination.
Fans of ice cream. In other countries I see people queuing up for concerts, bars, etc.

In Poland  I see lines outside of ice cream shops. Poles love their ice cream.
Nice try dude. Take the L.
Done.
Take their call. Tell them that you're not going to discuss any new work/products until their account is made current.  
Then you can discuss new work. Find out what they want, but then inform that due to their recent behavior, all work going forward will be billed in advance.
Go on eBay, [find the same model](https://www.ebay.com/itm/255064586894) and buy it for parts.
Ammonite
House of Usher (1960)
Dude, you’re her plan B. The fallback guy. She needs you to provide a home for the incoming kid. And you know you’re going to be left holding the bag on this kid when she runs off with someone else. Be smart and use your head on this one. And think of what’s best for your daughters- giving them your full attention- or disrupting their lives with a new baby that will become the focus for several years.
How to fix it: if you’re sorry you said that, tell her you’re sorry that you said that and didn’t mean it. Believe it or not, it will mean a lot to her to hear those words.

BUT: you should also tell her that it’s completely unfair of her to get salty with you about being unhappy about a situation that she put you in.
You posted this same story 8 months ago. Looking for a different take?
This is the Ozark strategy from the beginning of the series: come in and tell everyone you know what they did and act menacing until they crack. He’s got nothing and is hoping you’ll give him something.

Agree with others saying it’s time to get off this crazy train.
Especially this time of year, I like to make a vegan version of [Bubble and Squeak](https://www.thespruceeats.com/traditional-bubble-and-squeak-recipe-435202) (with vegan crumbles, sausage, whatever's handy) and eat it with HP sauce, but Worcestershire sauce is somewhat close in flavor.
...which contributes to the family and its overall happiness.
Ghibli movies are known for the villains not being completely bad.
Came here looking for Boo Radley.
This is the key to it all to me:

>We didn’t talk for a few weeks, but I eventually reached out...

Have a life-changing first meet, then you don't call for two weeks. Then you meet up again and it's great again. The thing is, it was great the first time, then you vanished. If you followed the same pattern, you could have easily disappeared again for weeks. She logically said no to your first proposal of monogamy. Then she slept with somebody.

She did nothing wrong here.
It's a combination of Sorkin and Tom Schlamme. Backstory [here](https://www.slashfilm.com/1113640/how-the-west-wings-famous-walk-and-talk-scenes-came-to-be/).

Relevant bit from Schlamme after a visit to the White House during the Clinton administration:

>"I just remember watching everybody, and it just felt like there was so much going on. I was in an office and we were waiting to visit the president with my son and my wife, and all I remember is \[Henry\] Cisneros came out, \[George\] Stephanopoulos was moving in there, and five or six people were coming in and out of meetings, and I looked down the hall and there were more people talking. ... That memory jogged when I read Aaron's pilot. That's the way it should feel."  
Read More: https://www.slashfilm.com/1113640/how-the-west-wings-famous-walk-and-talk-scenes-came-to-be/
You should watch movies made in the 1970s. They were all like that: Don't Be Afraid of the Dark, One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest, Love Story, Last Tango in Paris, The French Connection, Dog Day Afternoon, Serpico, The Great Gatsby, The Stepford Wives, The Way We Were, Chinatown. The list goes on and on.
>If I flirt, would he be annoyed/confused? I don’t know where we stand now. Please help! I’m serious about this relationship now.

Don't do this. Instead have a serious conversation. Tell him that you've reconsidered, and that you're up for dating if he still is. And if he isn't, that's on you, not him, so be decent about it.

Flirting after rejecting him just makes it seem like you're playing with his feelings for your own entertainment, which is a shitty/toxic thing to do.
Al Franken
Heat, especially with steam, will allow you to add some bend to the boards to counter the warping, but won't do the existing finish any favors. Certainly possible, but a lot of work.
Her death hadn't been announced yet, so if he didn't send her a box, that would have indicated he knew she was already dead.

  
Her showing up may have just indicated that he hadn't actually succeeded in killing her and that she survived the attempt. He put her in a situation that should have killed her, but didn't stick around.
Bill Murray in Caddyshack. He had no lines in that movie. He ad-libbed all of it.
If the company is a testing lab or makes pharmaceuticals or nutritional supplements or anything else - food products - that requires a sterile environment, and there's any chance at all that you may come into contact with coworkers who need to go into these sterile environments, then these seem like legitimate questions to ask.

Remote worker does not necessarily mean you will never visit HQ or a production facility.
You're not thinking of Robert Monroe and [The Monroe Institute](https://www.monroeinstitute.org/pages/our-purpose), are you?
Had a similar experience. Was going to do 4 days in Rome then go down to Pompeii and the coast. Was so blown away by Rome I stayed there for the entire week and have no regrets. So much to see.
Jack Be Nimble world championships.
Looks kind of like an old window sash weight. Those were usually solid cast iron but I’ve also seen similar weights that had lead inside them. Not sure what their application was though.
Usually nothing, but sometimes I’ll grind up a few cardamom seeds in a mortar and pestle and add those in before the hot water. It adds a nice extra something.
They do one similar to this in Hamburg.
Worried about that countertop cracking from thermal shock. Hope you had something under the pan.
Harold and Maude
It’s not for everyone. Not everyone can be good at it even if they’re motivated. Is your friend a tenacious problem solver?
Good old Mommie Dearest.
Interesting. Many of those rings have an accession date of 1961. Seems like they acquired a large collection that year.
If you click that link, you’ll see multiple laptops in the $150-200 range.
Now I need to know what they ended up eating.
So very sorry! You might be interested in Brian Weiss' book [Many Lives, Many Masters](https://www.brianweiss.com/about-the-books/many-lives-many-masters/). He also lost a baby, and relays some experiences in the book that may be of comfort to you.
Problem is the WiFi antenna is in the laptop display, so will need to either get a usb antenna or switch to Ethernet.
Moral of the story: don’t even THINK about trying to drive anywhere.
But if you're a tinkerer, see if you can find a comparable model at the [MSU surplus store](https://msusurplusstore.com/collections/laptops)  and swap displays.
Yes. By this logic, battered women's shelters would have to throw their doors open and let anyone in.

If this were mandated, insurance companies could conceivably drop coverage for the non-profit because of potential liability.

Imagine an individual comes in from the cold, but then dies from a heart attack. Think the family might sue the non-profit? Could they have done more? Should they have done more? Given that people in medical distress might come in from the cold, should they be obligated to have medical staff on hand? If they can't staff that, must they stay closed?
That's funny. I met Lucas Fox at a friend's house. iirc he was sweet on their nanny. He taught me about cockney rhyming slang.
"When they say there's nothing to worry about, that's when you start running." - John Cusack in the 2012 movie.

It's just a matter of time. As long as that stuff's out there, it's going to be cracked. People are talking about post-quantum cryptography for a reason.
Looks similar to a Grid-It from Cocoon.
Very cool. Makes me wonder if, not unlike fingerprinting a web client, you could fingerprint cars that, say, drive by your residence. Between TPMS, service transponders like OnStar, bluetooth capabilities, in-car wifi, which could also come from dash cams, it seems like if you could capture all the necessary bands (imagine the antennae rig!), you could build a pretty good EMF vehicle fingerprint. It's the inverse of war driving - a war driver fingerprinting setup.
Fantastic find. Love that old leather cases tape measure.
Maybe because of this: [List of Republicans confirmed to have taken Russian money in 2016](https://www.palmerreport.com/politics/list-republicans-russian-money/4667/).

Or this: [GOP campaigns to $3.75 million from oligarch linked to Russia](https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/gop-campaigns-took-7-35-million-from-oligarch-linked-to-russia/).

Or [this](https://www.politicususa.com/2018/02/05/republicans-congress-taking-money-russia.html).

Bottom line: Russia has been buying GOP politicians for years. Of course they're going to take Russia's side on this.
Tip: laxative mineral oil sold at the drug store is both higher quality (drug grade vs food grade) and cheaper than food safe mineral oil sold at woodworking places.
Was totally surprised by Hugh Grant’s slimy reporter in The Gentlemen.
Does Matceramica not sell this bowl any more?
Yes! These political views reflect their values. You’re really disagreeing over values. Having fundamental agreement on values - how to treat others, etc. - is really important to a relationship.
I personally am not a big curtain fan and just use shades. For a deep window like this I’d do a shade close to the glass so the sill would be usable as a shelf with the shade up or down.
...and start eating.
Easily done. Just withdraw the troops, stay out of the airspace and stop the missile attacks.
American Pie: The Assisted Living Years
Here's my thought process:

If you have the cups upright, any dust, cooking spatter, etc. that's floating in the air can land on them if you don't have them in closed cupboards. If you fry a lot, you're going to put stuff into the air.

If you put them upside-down, any airborne stuff will land on the outside, which is fine. But, if you put them away and they're not completely dry, you can get a water seal, possibly mold, and make rings on you cabinet. I put down plastic shelf liner with raised ribs so that if they are wet, the waterproof plastic protects the cabinet, and the raised ribs let air in and out so even wet, they'll dry out if upside-down.
If you build the comp plan correctly, you may find that your mediocre employees find it in their self interest to perform better. It sounds like as of now, there’s no upside for them to do that.
Why not just get your mom and dad on the same page? “Hi mom. Sis said you were under the impression that I was coming over, but dad uninvited me, so my understanding was that I was not welcome.”
I remember when CAD software first came out, and people would ask if/how much faster it made the drawing process. The answer was that the initial drawing took a similar amount of time, but revisions were much, much faster to do.
You don’t think an ice storm followed by 2 days of sub 10 degree weather will do that?
Trump made that deal. Take it up with him.
Comp should align employee interests with the business interest. If you want productivity, goal for productivity. There are always other factors though - error rate, soft skills, helping others, etc. I highly recommend the book Building a Fair Pay Program by Plachy & Plachy. It's the best book on designing compensation plans I've ever read. It will walk you through all the steps and open your eyes to things I assure you that you have not even thought about paying attention to.
Dude - water! Power is out, so heat is out, so pipes freeze. Store enough water for several days.
Cheese grater
Have seen multiple write-ups about doing exactly that and extracting the encryption key using volatility. A couple of examples for those interested.

[Example 1.](https://community.turgensec.com/jigsaw-ransomware-analysis-using-volatility/)

[Example 2.](https://neoslab.com/2020/04/28/how-to-extract-data-from-windows-memory-dump-using-volatility-cUNHMlhCTmxtTGdENEhRek1NWTlOdz09)
The Outfit is my movie of the year.
Can’t believe I’m not seeing Tortilla Soup in here. The cooking scenes were incredible.
The classic troubleshooting tactic is to make a new user, log in with that user account, do the usual activities and see if it still crashes. If it does, probably hardware related.
Mark Rylance
Sunshine with Ralph Fiennes
Putin is responsible for the invasion of Ukraine.

You’re talking about ‘radical leftists’ as if they are this cartoonish monolithic block. Kind of like Ayn Rand. They world is a nuanced, messy place. If you’re selling simple answers, you’re selling snake oil.
Wild take. And the fact that your account was created post-invasion wouldn’t have anything to do with you trying to sell a particular spin on the invasion, would it?
I would start with the district and ask if any troops need a scoutmaster/ASM.
DOA, 12 Monkeys, which was a remake of La Jetee. Ocean’s 11 with Clooney and Pitt is way better than the Sinatra version.
>The only cons of a tanked water heater are the size and liability should one pop

You're forgetting about the fact that you're paying to keep X number of gallons of water hot 24x7 regardless of whether you're using it or not. It's like keeping a huge pot of water on your stove at, let's say 125 degrees all the time.
Flying cars and jetpacks will do it for me. Gravity Industries is getting pretty close.

Jetsons-style video calls and remote controlling computers or your house from halfway around the world - check. Telesurgery - check. Just waiting on the flying car.
Also for those curious, [here's the view](https://i.pinimg.com/originals/37/c0/84/37c08446440689221aac8b76e5c938b6.jpg) from inside the bridge of sighs before entering the prison, coming from the interrogation room of the Doge's Palace.
Argentina was unbeatable when Di Maria was in. After he subbed out, Argentina looked like a [different team](https://theathletic.com/4015142/2022/12/19/angel-di-maria-argentina-world-cup-final-france/?amp=1).
Send an email to your boss 'by accident' stating that you've checked and the minimum required participants to form a union is 25.

When the boss asks you about it, say it was sent to them by mistake.
Wow. You moved 1000 miles to be with this guy and after a lull, he's immediately turning to an ex?

The levels of commitment you each have to the relationship are really unbalanced.

I'd dip. He's told you all you need to know.
>We flirted and danced all night together and then I walked her to her apartment. Nothing really happened, but since then I can't stop thinking about her and what could have been.

Dude, you're already emotionally cheating on your wife. And you're asking what to do? Either knock that shit off, or divorce your wife. It sounds like you're barely committed anyway.

You got married because it was a 'big deal' to your wife so you went along with it? Not exactly a hopeless romantic, are you?

You owe your wife and relationship better than this. Stay or go. Keeping your wife as a fallback plan while you explore this shiny new thing is gross. Have some integrity.
You are either soon-to-be ex or plan B if things don't work out with the new guy.
What to do:

Option 1: Both of you remain silent and fester unhappily in your now dysfunctional marriage.

Option 2: Talk about it and come to some kind of resolution so you can both move on with your lives.
This doesn't sound like the behavior of a friend.

You should feel insulted. Time to put your efforts elsewhere.
That’s because the books end immediately following the climax, the epilogue notwithstanding. Who wants to read a plodding log of systematic change?

JKR has said in interviews though that Harry revolutionized the Auror department and Hermione rose to MoM, making a better world for the wizarding community.

Net net, those two DID bring about systematic change. We just never got much detail about it.
And not just history. According to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/Futurology/comments/zp1g0z/the_incredible_shrinking_future_of_college_the/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) post/article, tons of colleges are going to start disappearing due to a demographic cliff.
Reasonably good looking boards (pine), but spaced too far apart. I’d pull them up and relay butted up against each other and add a new row along the wall.
Re: being unable to stay focused, do you have an ADD diagnosis? If not, you might consider looking into it. Medication can help.
Handy
The Gentlemen. Hugh Grant was amazing in it.
Check out The Outfit starring Mark Rylance.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Winter’s Tale
Bought one for around $100 on eBay some years back. Plenty of new microscopes for sale there.
And by the way, the cheapest mineral oil is mineral oil laxative from the drug store. It’s drug grade, a higher grade than food grade, and much cheaper.
I think Taron Egerton would be a better fit, but probably too close to his Kingsman role.
The last episode of newsroom when the college student who asked the ‘What makes the US the greatest country in the world’ question is applying for an internship and Will barges in and asks her why. She says she knows what a greater fool is and she wants to be one. Will tells her to ask him the question again. She does and he answers 'You do.'

Gets me every time. [Link](https://youtu.be/N5bqAVUkUgw).
Guessing neighbor already knew the tree was protected, and that’s why he’s insisting the newcomer take action and incur liability instead of neighbor.
Completely agree. But all these xenophobes who thought immigrants were costing them money ended up costing themselves more money due to a more competitive labor market and supply disruptions.
Rural voters vote Republican for the most part - as do many business owners - and got behind the GOP anti-immigration push, ostensibly out of concern that illegal immigrants were stealing services provided by our tax dollars and costing them money. The natural result that their pool of low cost laborers disappeared, raising their costs.
Or, hear me out here, maybe it’s possible that a majority white state like Iowa isn’t representative of the diverse electorate in the US, SC is more so, so they wanted a more representative state to be the first primary contest.
Makes perfect sense to me. Think of all the people who work for the military, get out, and then go work for a defense contractor. Don't forget that while they made joke stuff, they also made personal protection gear for the ministry.

Here's Ron coming from the ministry after working as an auror, he's now got ministry connections, and is perfectly suited for selling serious products to the ministry and even acting like Q from James Bond. Any time they come up with a new gizmo that has has promise, he can give the ministry aurors first look or even offer exclusive access. In return, if the aurors are looking to have something cooked up, they basically have access to their own off-the-books lab. They bring ideas to Ron and George. Aurors field test their gear. Virtuous circle.

It's kind of a dream gig. He gets to work with his brother, not have to work directly within the bureaucracy, still have plenty of reasons to pop in and visit Hermione, Harry and other friends at the ministry, and come and go as he pleases. What's not to like?
Looks a bit like Gretchen Mol.
Looks similar to a [Crookes Tube](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Crookes_tube).
Ah, Compulsory Joy.
Sounds like the director is still salty that you moved on.
Could totally be manscaper, two sets of chopsticks, 4 pocket sized flashlights, comb for the cross piece. The grooming/dining/camping combo pack.
Any of the movies about Jesus, obvs. But DOA: there's a 1950 version, a remake called Color me Dead, and a version starring Dennis Quaid in 1988. There seem to be multiple movies where the protagonist has been poisoned/medically damaged and is essentially solving their own murder. Spoiler alert: That's the premise of >!The Terminal List starring Chris Pratt!<.

There's Braveheart of course. 

Gladiator

Boys Don't Cry

300

The Wicker Man
Thx for the article link. Jurisdiction seems a bit problematic because bitcoin is decentralized and worldwide. Offshore activity wouldn’t seem to be sanctionable. Am I missing something?
Holiday surprise
I don’t believe Dodd-Frank applies to crypto. Bitcoin seems to have seen plenty of spoofing.
Salt Fat Acid Heat is about multiple people who elevate their respective disciplines.
Poor guy. He can't help that he struggles with math. Just can't get behind laughing at someone for something they can't help.
This guy looks looks like what [Ed Robertson](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ed_Robertson) of Bare Naked Ladies fame must have looked like when he was younger.
Putin has wrecked his reputation and legacy. Russia’s stature in the world is diminished. They’ve put a huge demographic hole in their population with all the maimed and dead soldiers. They’ve greatly diminished their ability to wage war and defend themselves.

No matter how you slice it, they’ve lost.
Agreed. Was not suggesting instead of, but in addition to. Also sometimes an insurance requirement carries more weight than the employee’s expertise if management is trying to fight the spend.
I don’t eat indoors at restaurants. Always mask with KN95 any time I go indoors, paying very close attention to good mask fit and having no gaps. I do unmask inside my hotel room, and at home obvs.
Especially in this hiring environment. A recipe for losing candidates.
Ikr? I’ve heard of cattle rustlers, but never feather rustlers.
Don’t forget forget [Claudette Colvin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Claudette_Colvin), the original.
I know! Talk about under-reacting! Guy could be hurt and no one’s even thinking about digging him out.
“We’ll i guess that’s just his cross to bear…”
Agree. Compare to this contemporary [piece](https://www.1stdibs.com/furniture/storage-case-pieces/blanket-chests/18th-century-swedish-dowry-chest-dated-1774/id-f_25472272/).

OP’s chest looks like it’s seen less of life.
It looks like a modern reproduction to me. Something that’s been around for that many years would have much more wear, almost no hard corners left, smoother surface. The patina looks wrong. And these things tended to get damaged, so would expect evidence of one or more repairs or patches, especially in the area of the lock.
Image 2 workers picking that up and moving it. Where would they grab it? Those spots should have been handled hundreds of times and should look that way. Now imagine sliding that onto a wagon over and over. The bottom should reflect that, and the sides and corners should have dings from being slid into other objects on the load.
Glass break/seatbelt cutter. Vitally important if you get into an accident or your vehicle goes into the water and you can’t get doors/windows open. If you have a collision and the seatbelt is jammed or pinned by wreckage, you’ll need to be able to cut the seatbelt, and in a hurry if the vehicle is on fire. It’s a small simple [tool](https://www.bestreviews.guide/car-window-breaker), but if you ever need it, you’ll REALLY need it.
Would also want to talk to president or CFO about the status of cyber insurance, if they have any, or if they’re planning on getting it, and find out what controls the insurer wants to have in place in order to stay in compliance for coverage.
You also tend to find them around current and former airfields.
Blair Witch Project, lots of 1970’s movies like The Stepford Wives, Don’t Be Afraid of the Dark, Looking for Mr. Goodbar, One Flew Over the Cuckoo’s Nest.
Stay Alive My Son by Pin Yathay, who survived the Khmer Rouge.
Some of the books in the Ender's Game series do this.
You can take that apart. Here's how the [King of Random did it](https://youtu.be/d5pGN6pqkyY?t=67).
Has she ever seen the movie [In a World](https://youtu.be/NmEARgbQ8us) with Lake Bell?
Bill Weasley. For someone who was supposed to be cool, he was flat and had 0 charisma. Needed someone more like a Colin Farrell type.
I remember getting a seat just inside the door once. Had a great view of the kitchen and was struck by how tight the crew was. They were a well oiled machine that totally had each others backs. Great vibes.
Upside?
She lives in Georgia now and is on Twitter: [@jo_calvan](https://twitter.com/jo_calvan?s=21&t=IE3mBldxcE6ag81dMWaPwA)
Op should expect a hotdog or something for dinner.
MongoDB use primary/secondary.
I know where you’re coming from. I initially only wanted to get a natural rock crystal ball. Natural rock crystal of any significant size with decent quality is going be pretty expensive.

I ended up getting one that was an optical quality quartz sphere manufactured in China. Don’t recall the cost now as it was some years ago, but it was much more affordable, <$100 for a 6” diameter sphere. I’ve used glass ones and quartz crystals before, and the blemishes (glass has interior swirls and sometimes bubbles) were distracting. I really like working with a flawless ball.

To me it’s like any personal item you didn’t make yourself: working with it and putting your energy into it makes it yours. I’m a Reiki practitioner, and I use Reiki to energetically clear items. I also set my crystal ball out in full moonlight. To me though, the most important thing is the intent you bring to working with it.
ETA: found mine on eBay.
Hmm. If I was going to do a hard abutment on one side and shim the heck out of the other, I'd shim the non-hinge side, not the hinge side.
According to Websters, boiled oil is:

>any fatty oil (such as linseed oil) whose drying properties have been improved by heating usually with driers (such as lead soaps)
This courtyard layout reminds me of the homes in Pompei.
That looks like a D to me, I don’t think the foot of a R would be rounded like that.
Once I had 3 cats, with two of them strongly pair-bonded. The third cat came along later, and while there were no disagreements among them, he generally didn't hang with the other two.

He was the first one to pass on, and for a month or two after he was gone, one of the other cats would frequently stand at the bottom of the stairs and stare up the steps towards the departed cat's usual spot on the top step. He didn't act like he missed him really, just like he could tell something was there.

Perhaps your cat is hanging out for a bit.
Linseed oil is the only oil I've heard of being marketed as boiled, but I'm pretty sure there are others.
Gloria nailed it: Dorothy left the world a better place than she found it.
Eh, I can't get behind calling the adverse result of someone's disability funny. These were made with love. Happy holidays to your aunt.
Poorly worded question. Of the 4 options, that one, to me ISN'T a tool, but would be accomplished by using tools. I think of it as a task/activity.
That sink will last forever too. Stout enough to be used as a battering ram.
If LG shipped it, they'll send a repair guy out to replace the door. Source: LG replaced my fridge door.
ClarisWorks version 3 was my favorite piece of software ever. It did everything.
The other aspect is that Bout is returning to an ostracized Russia that few want to do business with. Lots of arms are moving around these days, and he hasn't been a part of it for a while. It's unclear how much actual value he'll have for Putin. Bad optics for Biden though, and that could very well be the point.
Might as well just hand her the ring. Proposal is blown. “Here. It was supposed to be a surprise, but…”
Great image, but it occurs to me that it’s super dangerous for the observers. Think if you’re standing behind Harry and he ducks a killing curse. Or if you’re on either side of Voldemort and he deflects Harry’s curse. Definitely wands up time.
Crazy that this was almost 40 years ago.
YTA. Obvious who the golden child is.
But she had been caving into the fiancé's demands too. Sounds like it wasn't a healthy, mutually respectful relationship, and splitting from him was probably a blessing in disguise. It was really painful, but it also sounds like OOP is on a much better trajectory now. She said she hadn't wanted to get married so soon, so she kind of got her wish.
YTA.

OP when you spend money on a vacation or a concert, what do you have to show for it? Experiences, memories. Your daughter wasn't spending $80 on a costume. She was spending $80 on an experience. You've completely blown this. You should apologize.
Don’t forget about pesticide days. Would fear for my nervous system living there.
Go into prepper mode because the electricity wouldn't be on for much longer. The water would also be stopping at some point.

I'd gas up and find a farm that was reasonably self-sustaining and whose owners had disappeared.

I'd feel bad for all the animals captive in animal shelters, pet stores, zoos, etc all over the world. Without caretakers, they'll soon starve.
Most drugs, but especially insulin.
Scrapple
And of course he boundary stomps as his final act.

You're well rid of him.
The article was a bit unclear, but this quote:

>"This malformed command likely crashed all the botnet code that was running on infected machines and talking to the C2 — essentially, killing the botnet," Cashdollar added.

...makes it sound like they sent a malformed command to the C2 server and crashed the C2 server. Not super clear on that point though.
But only by Asian investors who are presumably under some financial duress.
Light chocolate starts to separate around 46 Celsius, dark chocolate about 54 degrees, depending on the beans used.

You won’t have to worry about tempering because the chocolate will be ruined.

See [here](https://acselementsofchocolate.typepad.com/elements_of_chocolate/Chocolate.html) for more info.
You can also put a cool beverage in the larger jar, ice in the small, so that when the ice melts it doesn't dilute your beverage.
Agree with others here, but just saying that family travel from the north to the south in winter is an obvious market to serve, and to capture more of it Amtrak should consider:
1. Having family friendly departure and arrival times
2. Make it economical for family groups - cheaper than air travel
3. Have some form of kid entertainment on board so kids aren’t whining along they way and are actually enjoying the diversions
4. Higher speeds so the trip doesn’t take as long and they get to their destination faster.
It WAS a photo shoot. JKR needed to introduce Rita, needed this event, and so this is what she made of it.
This. Without this scene, how does Rita Skeeter get access to Harry?
Agree about the times. For example, if you wanted to take the train from Cleveland, OH to Orlando, that train leaves in the middle of the night. Not enticing for families who want to escape the winter to go to Disney World.

The kids discount is a start, but could be more enticing for family groups. Also, a family who wants to escape the winter and spend time in Florida doesn't want to spend so much time traveling. Air travel buys them more time at the destination. Higher speeds would help in this regard.

On-train entertainment would also help make the time pass. International flights breeze by these days when you can watch movies and TV shows in-flight. Also an advertising opportunity. Having a similar option would be good for train travel. Kids especially are only going to want to watch scenery for so long.
Looks like un-fossilized coral to me. Like a worn-down version of [this](https://www.flickr.com/photos/107963674@N07/15342422762/).
Makes sense to me. The mental processes required to map out the steps to get a result in 3D aren't all that different from mapping out the steps to get a result in code. I enjoy both.
The bad decision was storing rice in an open litter box.
That just makes me sad that the ships lost during the war, in addition to the lost sailor lives, also meant drowned kitties.
The ACTUAL final duel with Voldemort, in a crowded hall. Yes it’s a bit talky and less cinematic, but much more satisfying.

The movie version has no witnesses, Harry just strolls in to see everyone chilling. “Oh, we’re you just out there fighting for your life? We’re all having a cuppa. And Voldemort’s dead you say? Really? Show us the body. What, no body? He just turned to dust and blew away? Of course he did. And no one witnessed any of this? And you expect us to buy this story?”

Of course no one has any questions or even interest. Totally bewildering.
I remember reading an article about how it came to be there years ago. In a nutshell, during the war they needed to move nuclear operations from University of Chicago. They were given the use of this land, but ownership was not conveyed. After the war, they had nuclear waste that they needed to dispose of, so they buried it on site. They wanted to make it a restricted access facility, but the county or municipality said no way, that’s our land we just loaned it to you. The feds said But there’s nuclear waste buried here! The city county said tough shit, it’s our land and we’re taking it back. And that’s how nuclear waste came to be buried on public land.
Which means mom is working 70+ hour weeks on childcare without anyone helping.
The iMac saved Apple. It was just about circling the drain prior to that point.
No, I'm thinking of 'incubator'.
I would have preferred Ian McKellen over both of them. He set the standard for a commanding badass wizard with a sense of humor.
Fantastic job!
Denisovans would be fun.
It's the [Quantum of Solace](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Quantum_of_Solace) play.

>Quantum has been secretly damming Bolivia's supply of fresh water to create a monopoly.
Need to tell the current bf asap. It's going to be worse the longer you wait. If current bf was dealing with something like this and didn't tell you, how would that look to you if/when you eventually found out?

Say this words to yourself: I am intentionally hiding information from my bf.
They like student debt because then people have to work to pay that debt off. Debt relief results in a less desperate workforce less willing to put up with bullshit employers.
These days, my biggest fear would be [ransomware](https://www.bleepingcomputer.com/news/security/microsoft-sql-servers-hacked-in-targetcompany-ransomware-attacks/). Ransomware agents communicate with a C2 server, so you should make sure outbound communications are whitelisted to only known legitimate addresses.

As u/Inevitable_Fault_452 mentioned, you should also be watching resource utilization and disk space, as spikes in those could indicate encryption taking place.

Speaking of...when was the last time you tested your disaster recovery plan? If the server was bricked today, how confident are you that you could access cloud backups, restore lost transactions since the backup, and get a replacement (likely cloud) server up and running so your users/consumer processes could continue to function? How would you go about repointing those users/processes to the replacement server?
And post screenshots of the texts.
Not sure what laws are on the books in your state/province, but [Alienation of Affection](https://www.lawyers.com/legal-info/family-law/divorce/whats-alienation-of-affection.html) is a thing in some jurisdictions. Possibly worth looking into. Joining forces against a common enemy can sometimes help bring people together.
Gorgeous.
I feel bad for Tennessee. They had an awesome season going, dared to dream of winning it all, only to see it dashed on the rocks.
Re: AT&T - they should have been given stock in the new baby bells after the split. That stock would not have just evaporated. You should have her follow up on that with whoever her broker was.
Ikr? Suction cup, glass cutter, cut the pane out a over the bowls, and either reset them to stable positions or pull them out.

