I wonder if a Very Blue State in the US is likely the closest to semi-low racism or homophobia one can kind of get to? Still serious systemic racism in California, but in the bigger picture of things, there are certainly large pockets of overt liberalism, even if it gets more performative at times than substantial. 

I know there are parts of Europe while not being as overtly racist/homophobic as say a deep red state, can still be subtly so. Likely your best bets where you won't run into it too much would be major cities like Amsterdam, Lisbon, London, & Berlin. I've hear that Norwegians are superficially very polite, but can still hold racist attitudes- it's just the culture of civility means it won't be in your face. In Italy now the current government is far right and trying to illegalize gay couples from adopting. 

Don't know enough about travel to South America, but the largest black-latino populations would be in Columbia, Brazil, and Haiti. There's a complex history in parts of South America of colorism left over from colonialism. Could be less racist than the US/ Europe though, I don't know, but I would worry about safety around homophobia. 

But I also think you shouldn't let that stop you from exploring and you may find something in your industry elsewhere that does feel less biased. I'd start planning to travel, make some trips and see what you find.
I would recontact Air bnb and tell them what the host is doing is illegal according to HUD.

I would also contact the host and tell them what they are doing is illegal (they know) and you want a full refund to keep you from reporting them to NYC housing department & HUD.

Get your money back from them, THEN call NYC housing department/HUD and report the hell out of them.

That is so skeevy. Btw if you google it- it's apparently happened a few times over the years and been reported in the news. Totally against the by laws of public housing.
I think that's the exact conflict you didn't express initially to him that you needed to. *I would hate to lose you to distance, but you are really unhappy here and I can't be the one who encourages you to stay if that makes you miserable because I'll feel guilty.*

Those are complete ideas that express your conflicted emotions. "Whatever happens, happens" is the verbal equivalent of a shrug.
It sounds like not feeling like your authentic self by being closeted is keeping you closed off. 

You are currently struggling professionally and with your family, so one way to look at it is no matter what further realistic discrimination issues (barring safety) there is also a possibility that some of these facets of your life improve with you transitioning. 

It's a tough choice with no real easy path, but like u/Jilltro mentions are there any areas in your community to meet other trans and LGBTQ people? Growing that network in a safe way may help you learn more.

Ask your therapist if they can help you resource maybe group therapy for those who identify as trans, that might be the best first step.
>We started seeing a couples therapist 5 years ago, who also became mine and his individual therapist.

Yes, you are correct this is highly inappropriate and she should never have suggested that. 

>my therapist strongly feels my partner and I are not compatible. 

This is not her place. A good therapist will help you believe in yourself to make the best decisions for you, not make suggestions or try to influence you to do what they think is right for you. That's what a meddling mom would do.

 

>she often interrupts him while he speaks and she talks a lot,

Not cool.

&#x200B;

>she talks quite openly about her own children and their relationships, she has called me out of the blue to ask me to run an errand for her when she couldn't leave her house, and has invited my husband and me over to watch a zoom lecture on a Saturday morning.

So you pay her to have an audience and take care of her?? WTF?? She's got zero boundaries and isn't your therapist. At this point, I'd worry she's trying to be your cult leader. 

Thank her because you did grow some at the beginning of this, but leave therapy with her. She's a nut job and while I'd normally encourage someone to have a last session and tell a therapist why they are ending, in this case just get out. 

If and when you are ready you can both go look for separate individual therapists that meet your individual needs.
I'd worry about weird tik tok influencers and drug dealer neighbors. The high price makes it more transient in some situations because they'll rent to anyone willing to sign with cash upfront.  

If I was going to go up $1000 per month in rent in apartment living I'd look for another small building but one that gave me garden access, but that's me.
The best builds in LA are 30s era when walls are still built with plaster and lathe & stay cool, but if it has original windows those are paper thin.

The 1950s - 70s builds & the dingbats in LA are made out of paper mache and spit held together with asbestos.
Two different areas, no visible LGBTQ communities but I doubt you would run into problems.. If I were you all I'd look at some of the foothill communities, Sierra Madre, Montrose, or Pasadena proper. Somewhat less pricey than San Marino, cute downtowns.
lots of opportunities for social cadaverings
Very quiet neighbors unless one of the dead is an angry ghost.

Personally, I have no issue with it.
low heat- low and slow & you're less likely to hit the burn point too fast..
>Mom became a Christian as an adult from what she told us after some things happened and someone passed and she turned to it and said her life before it wasn't good

So many people in this country need therapy for traumatic childhoods due to an authoritarian parental figure, but instead decide to seek out more authoritarianism and repeat the cycle on their kids.
>I’m trying not to be a high maintenance client

wrong attitude- figure out what  2-3% of the house value is and realize your realtor works for you and is making a decent amount here. Dropping the ball can happen with realtors after the sale looks nearly done, but you still need them, so call them. That's not high maintenance-- it's the very *least* they should be doing.
Have a talk with her. Not about specific past behaviors because after the moment has passed it's all confusing. The next day, she won't get why that joke after dinner last night went on too long & made other's uncomfortable, and it feels like getting punished for having bad intent when in her mind (if she's even thinking about it) last night's dinner was fun, and now she's reframing it like she was bad. 

Instead, talk to her about how people have different sensibilities and sensitivities, and while home is definitely her primary safe space, having visitors means accommodating them. Have a discussion with her to come up with a kind and short phrase, something you won't say in anger, that means she needs to take a breather and redirect her energies while her niece visits. Something as simple as "new topic time" for a gross joke that's going on too long, or "let's all play 5-minute silence and gather our thoughts, then come back to this topic" if her hyper energy is dominating the conversation. 

Always frame these discussions starting out with why you love her sense of humor or enthusiasm, and end them on a positive note. The sandwich cookie of criticism technique. Make sure the discussion wraps up with her feeling empowered to add some social skills in, not crushed and like a loser.
She's emotionally immature. Her feelings are hurt and rather than cope with that she's hoping to manipulate you into begging her to eat, come back and cook with you, etc.

She's 63. She isn't going to starve herself to death. Leave her be. Breath and do whatever you need to do to take care of yourself when you feel triggered but do not escalate or engage for now. Tell your kids "grandma's having alone time" & don't worry too much about them. If you don't get upset they won't- you are the one they are looking to to model their emotional regulation on.

Eventually, when she's re-engaged and during a period when things are going smoothly you can tell her how it used to upset you greatly when you were a kid that she'd refuse to speak to you, but as an adult it just makes you sad for her she still can't calmly talk about her feelings.
the whole family is creepy. 26-year-old son brings home a teenager and everyone including parents are like: cool, let's get drunk & karaoke.
They've known each other for 4 months & are getting married. They may not even make it to the actual wedding date, but if they do it's kind of one of those 50/50 things that it works out.

I'd be polite-nice but really stop taking inventory of how she bugs you. Stop caring if she includes you, or is snubbing you, just dgaf. Be incredibly polite, nice, and shrug everything else off. Don't make complicated plans with them if you are going to be irritated that they are flakey.
A good HVAC installer should handle the permitting for you if you need it.
He has no right to get angry about this though, you do understand that?

He's ~~stealing~~  strong-arming money from you that you want saved for your kid to get himself out of a bad financial situation he got himself into. He should be mad at himself. You shouldn't be so scared of your partner's emotional behavior you do something that is not in your child's best interest.

This is NOT a healthy dynamic.
I assume you two aren't married?

You're saving it for your child. That's your kid's money, a boyfriend doesn't get to make unilateral decisions with your money so learn how to say no or really examine how messed up this relationship is.. 

Tell him no and move it into a 529 college savings with your child as a beneficiary this week. 

*A 529 college savings plan is a state-sponsored investment plan that enables you to save money for a beneficiary and pay for education expenses. You can withdraw funds tax-free to cover nearly any type of college expense. 529 plans may offer additional state or federal tax benefits.*
Get couples counseling. If she used to enjoy sex then this could be hormonal, psychological or other issues in the marriage that should be discussed much more in-depth than her just wanting to be done with sex or you seeking a sex worker as your first solution.
Go to Al Anon. You can find meetings online. I will give my usual caveat- 12 step programs have their issues, but there's some support there. Listen to some people's stories of what their life was like marrying and living with a drunk. Listen to how they eventually had their entire lives revolving around watching their spouse, hoping it would be an okay night, trying to avoid violence and emotional abuse when it was a bad night. Sunk cost fallacy, and the years wasted. 

He's going to promise to sober up as soon as you say you want to break it off, then you will be right back here again in 4, 6, 12 months only now you're married and legally bonded to him. It's a progressive disease and he'll get worse and worse as time goes on.

If you can't bring yourself to call it off, postpone the wedding. Now. 

He needs real sobriety- not just white knuckling it then deciding he can have a few. You need to really get enough distance to see how you are enabling him & that his drunken outbursts are abuse.
Yes- but what I do is malapropism, I just use the wrong word that sounds like the word I want. 

There was a character in some 1700s comedy play, Mrs. Malaprop, who was constantly mixing up words. Here's a video on it: [https://www.merriam-webster.com/video/malaprop](https://www.merriam-webster.com/video/malaprop)
Worse, plan for four seasons-- jacket, hoodie, t-shirt & flip flops vendors.
I figure they fly through the air on bacteria-horses like little valkyries brandishing spears and shields
Post in the listing that it is to be rented unfurnished. I would put that comment upfront. Some people search specifically for furnished rentals, so while you'd think it would be obvious it's best to be clear.
>My birthday was this past month and they made me a cake, and threw me a really nice surprise party, which I’ve never had before. We also went to dinner, which was also actually the first time I’ve had friends to go to dinner with for my birthday. 

So, here's the thing, gossiping about someone instead of being direct with them is not cool. But, at the same time, these people aren't 100% horrible and don't hate you, or they would not have made the cake and thrown you a surprise party. You have quirks that frustrate and irritate them, and they vent about you + gossip behind your back. Not positive and not letting them off the hook- but if they hated you they'd be icing you out, never include you in anything and other behavior. 

ADHD can bring about a sensitivity to criticism. Sometimes people are bullies and are being really cruel! Other times they are just being average normal jerks who are immature and don't know how to fully communicate frustrations directly with someone. 

My suggest, sit with the hurt for a bit. Don't overplay what you heard in your head if you can help it. When you are ready, leave a note that you'd like to have a pizza night with everyone. Get pizza and tell them something like the following:

*I heard you guys talking the other night & it really hurt. I'd like to disclose something to you- I have ADHD. It's not an excuse for my behaviors but it is the reason. When I make mistakes I am not intentionally trying to hurt anyone. I had hoped we were all friends. One thing that is helpful for me is direct communication. If I am doing something that bothers you, it really helps me to be told that in a kind way- like hey OP would you mind closing the cabinets when you are done? And then I can try to improve. As you know I am out at the end of this semester but I'd like to leave here on good terms.* 

Good people will rise to the occasion with direct communication. Bad people will act fake or be put out. You will at least get your answer. You also will have taken responsibility for actions that annoy others while at the same time stood up for yourself, that you deserve better communication. It's a really positive thing to do.

If that feels too overwhelming, know you will be out soon, and it is okay.
*Homemade Saukraut & Yogurt- This One Crazy Secret Cure for ADHD Psychiatrists Don't Want You to Know!* (/s) 

Lol, no.
Somewhat dependent in that if the inspection turns up a TON of issues (needs roof, foundation, plumbing, &/or electrical work) then the house likely won't appraise by the lender for the selling price. By waiving appraisal gap you are saying even if this home appraises for less and the bank won't give me the full loan, I have cash in x amount to make up the gap.

But! If you waive appraisal *but do not waive inspection* you have a built-in safety net/ negotiating tool and won't lose your earnest money. Say inspection turns up a ton of issues, you have your inspection contingency in place and can tell the sellers either lower the price, fix these things, or I'm walking.
Or their parents die young and leave them the house while the kids are still in their prime, then the siblings can grow old together in some kind of grey gardens healthy dynamic.
NOT a helpful comment... but if you are into fermentation (pickling) try making your own sauerkraut (same as pickles just cabbage and water instead) or yogurt.

Super easy and much tastier than store-bought. Just keep the pickles or sauerkraut away from the yogurt while they are fermenting- apparently, the two bacterias float around in the air during the process and the two camps of bacteria (yogurt versus sauerkraut) dislike each other.
You can keep your word but also alert your husband that his friend is having a hard time, and encourage your husband to reach out to him more?

Women emotionally abusing men is equal in the psychological damage it does when it is the reverse and can eventually become physical. Ask yourself, if this friend was a woman would you feel more obligated to alert someone to get her help? If so, this one issue overrides the rule of keeping people's secrets- that is don't keep a secret when their lives are in danger. Personally, I think this one comes out of the vault in order to get him real help. He needs professional counseling and the strength to leave his wife.
>and believes that because he “made it” then I can too.

So, that's called a gross lack of empathy & problematic amounts of solipsism- the inability to view the world through the lens of what others may experience and instead view it solely on one's own experience and apply that to others.

There are any number of paths you can go down in terms of working without getting your degree, or maybe one day if you feel ready, going back part-time to get a degree, etc. But the bigger issue is being with someone who accepts you for who you are, doesn't laugh at diagnosis, and has the emotional capacity to support that.

Sometimes when you come from childhood abuse your inner compass that points you towards what love and support are can get a little wonky. Getting help (therapy) for that can actually be the thing that leads you toward leaving toxic people which makes room for more external successes (feeling ready to go back to school, finding apprentice positions, etc.)

TL;DR edit: dude sucks and he's bringing you down.
Good luck, I hope he's feeling better soon.
maybe others can chime in but go to an Urgent Care/ Walk in clinic, not the ER and get it checked out. Not worth flying sick. 

Worst-case scenario and it ends up being something he has to go to the hospital for, well, he will end up with a bill in the US he may not be able to pay, but as a UK citizen what are they going to do? Give him bad US credit??
Yeah, he's going to be unknowingly bringing fentanyl or meth back over the border.
It's a turn of public opinion. It happens with almost all things: oversaturation, lack of oversight, housing crisis issues- pandemic housing bubble, sentiments change. 

I bet if you look through the sub going back a few years the posts had a very different tenor. I don't think airbnb is in its death throes, but it may eventually get overtaken by a better platform for hosts and guests and people will jump ship. Usually takes a few years for that to happen.
Your boyfriend is a sheisty little creep using his moral "high ground" to shame you into being submissive to him.

Here's the thing: it's okay for him to not be comfortable with your sexual past. The correct thing for him to do when you were both sharing that information early on is to let you know he wasn't comfortable and you two were incompatible, then kindly break up. 

Instead he uses it as a manipulative tool. *I'll stay with you but let you know occasionally that you're gross* is NOT a healthy okay dynamic.
It's totally possible you did miss something you were doing at the time, or she's still as nutty now as she was when she was going through a divorce.

Sometimes friendships also just outgrow their course. It's a really painful but not uncommon experience. If you feel she still has the ongoing judgment of your relationship (and unless you were previously the affair partner of your current spouse you did nothing ethically wrong) then it sounds like it is not worth it. 

Or, write her back your side of things. Tell her you are struggling to meet up when the premise is that you were hurtful to her by entering into a healthy marriage. Maybe she wants the friendship back, but getting closure isn't a bad thing either.
> mountain where Hollywood sign can be hiked. I expect this to be an all day event.

Depending on what condition you are in the hike in Griffith Park all the way up to Hollywood sign is a few hours- not all day. It's worth it, but while you are there you could drive (after coming down from the sign) and see some other parts of Griffith Park- the observatory is great or head over to the Autry Museum. Avoid the zoo at all costs.

Malls in LA are not the most exciting. You might as well drive out to Rodeo Drive & window shop. From a tourist perspective, it's unique to LA and fun to recognize it from the movies. 

For food do some googling. Ethiopian, Armenian, Mexican, or Thai makes more sense than Jamaican (not a lot of Jamaican) or Pizza. Best Chinese food would be getting Dim Sum way over in San Gabriel Valley and a schlep from the areas you've listed.
I'm sorry things feel really lonely right now, and I get feeling so taken up by all the things that *have* to happen for big picture survival there's no time for the amount of energy it takes to make and keep social connections or maintain hobbies. 

I've gone through long periods of dysthymia- just mild, long-lasting blahs. Like, not suicidal, not dramatic, not so depressed I can't go to work or do tasks I need to, but. Meh.

One thing I try to do during those periods is look for little tiny pleasures, and keep juggling the ability to find them and make them last a little longer each time. It is an extra chore, but a good chore. Daily walk even a short one, bird watching, stretching, looking at art even if I'm not making it, listen to a really great song. Try to be as present as I can for it. Again, we are talking 15 minutes a day here. Just make sure before I go to bed at one point during the day I did some small thing that brought me a teeny tiny bit of joy, and keep stringing that along until I can get back into hobbies or reconnect with people socially & feel normal joy again.
Ugh, sorry. I switched to Blue Shield Covered California from Anthem Blue Cross. A bit like comparing rotten tomatoes to rotten apples, but I've found Blue Shield *incrementally* better. edit- and the appointments I was finally able to make were all 6-8 weeks out. It is bad out there.
>~~“I’ve stayed in many places and had a great time,~~ this owner has her son in law living out back and he made me uncomfortable by repeatedly trying to enter the home I was renting, so I left the booking early. ~~The host was upset I found it unacceptable for a strange man who wasn’t my host to enter my rental home without warning and has reviewed me poorly as a result.”~~

I would respond with facts only & keep it short and sweet. The more calm and clear you are in your response the more you appear totally reasonable in dealing with an unreasonable host.
>it sounds like she is still upset in some ways with me, even though I don't think I did anything wrong. She is still taking my decisions for my life personally.

Other than a very notable lack of succinct apology, are you reading between the lines or was that explicit in the letter?

She may want to apologize in person or she may not feel she does owe you an apology. If you need an apology to let her back in, then this is probably worth letting go of, because you can't know what will happen.

Sometimes people are in terrible dark places and unfairly project their lived reality onto others in unfair ways, and they fail to be happy for others when they are miserable. Or, maybe you were being more thoughtless towards her than you realized in the time up to your marriage? Maybe a little of both. 

I would write back to her what you said in your post: *I love my stepkids and my husband and am not interested in hearing any judgment or negativity about (my family). If we can speak without that occurring, then let's catch up.* 

You can create any boundary you want, invite her back into your life as long *as she can agree to that boundary,* then it is on her if she wishes to do so. If she really wants to rehash why she believes you failed her by entering a loving marriage as a step-mom (which is clearly ridiculous), that boundary would pretty much weed her out.
I could maybe see some hotel Cyprus having non-drinkable tap water? 

I've stayed in a few hotels in the UK in the last decade and they were all pretty Americanized at this point. I was almost sad that everything felt like a mid-tier standardized Marriot or Hilton, so I am wondering where the dirty beds and undrinkable water are? 

Not saying they don't exist within the Euro Zone or EU as a whole, but curious.
> They wanted us to agree to a complete appraisal fallout as well as non refundable earnest $

They knew from the beginning the amount of work the house needed. They are sellers convinced that their neighbor sold last year (a house in better condition with better mortgage rates) for x amount of money, and they deserve to make the same/more. 

Walk. If they come to their senses on a counter still be very realistic with yourselves that there will be more repairs you will discover as you go along- even the best inspection will miss them. Would you be happier long-term in a semi-less special spot but with much fewer headaches?
Curious if you are in Eastern Europe? Not used to seeing non-potable water in most Western European countries.
>He needs a good talk maybe he’ll change his behavior and understand me

You both need to have a real discussion that goes both ways. This is one of those things that shouldn't be one person's way over the others- it should be "are we fundamentally compatible or fundamentally incompatible on this issue?" 

If the latter it's better to part ways sooner rather than later. 

For the record- I never had or wanted children. But it is such a huge decision that both people need to be really honest about it. If he really wants kids sooner rather than later he needs to admit as much and make plans with a partner that feels that way too, otherwise it just breeds (pardon the pun) deep resentments.

It's not fair to him or you for him to be with you, pretending he's okay with the given timeline, and secretly just hoping you'll one day wake up and change your mind. Which sounds like what is happening. 

Or it was a blip and he was having an off day.
Soft Scrub with bleach. mix it into a looser paste with water, sponge scrub it all over the tub, let it sit for an hour, rinse, repeat if still needed (but probably won't)
Someone offered higher and better but their inspection turned up several major $$ problems (roofing, foundation, electrical, plumbing/sewer line).

Someone waived contingencies so their offer looked better, but then the house didn't appraise, or they still did their inspection and were willing to walk and lose earnest money, so to smooth the sale over the seller lowered. 

Someone made a lower offer but it was all cash or a huge deposit and in the interest of a quicker sale & less risk a loan could go wrong the sellers took it.
>how you can't raise livestock in your apartment, and you also have to send your daughters to school by law.

Honestly, shocked early 2000s Italy under Berlusconi was taking that brave a stance on women's rights.
Went through the same thing with the medical groups, then I just went through my insurer's list and made an appointment with a doctor covered by my insurance but not with any medical group. 

Your insurer has to provide you with a list of all doctors in your area that take their insurance, so even if their online system is effed call them and they should email you a complete list. Good luck, it sucks.
Pawh.D in pet psychology
I know :( that's why I used the past tense
Actively avoided the Hollywood area aside from the ArcLight.

Inversely, I'd walk to the Hollywood sign all the time. It was a fun hike.
Here's a breakdown of what the [Fair Housing Act](https://www.hud.gov/program_offices/fair_housing_equal_opp/fair_housing_act_overview) covers: 

Race  
Color  
National Origin  
Religion  
Sex (including gender identity and sexual orientation)  
Familial Status  
Disability

Familial status usually means you can't refuse to rent to a pregnant woman or people trying to adopt. I have no clue what the agent is thinking. 

I would say, you are within your rights to say that all tenants living in the unit over 18 are subject to a background check.
>I don’t know what to believe

But, you do know. Your body is telling you. Walking on eggshells is what a human under duress- fight or flight or freeze mode- does to try and keep the person safe.

You have internalized some of his manipulations as to why this is okay: he has earlier trauma! his work is stressful! The bruises are from accidents(!) even though throwing things *is an intentional action not an accident*.

He's laid down the emotionally manipulative groundwork (I'm the love of his life!) for you to keep upping your tolerance to be his wastebasket when he wants to toss anger into something, but you know. Listen to your gut which is telling you none of this is okay, and the in-between good times are just reprieve moments from the next emotional bomb session.
My feelings on AirBnB, which I had used for 10 years as a guest in the US & several countries, are that (1) over-saturation & fast-paced growth have done it a great disservice, (2) a lot of newer people who jumped into the game have zero experience with hospitality and aren't cut out for it.

In earlier years the only people that gravitated towards it had more inclination with hospitality.

I used craigslist for years to buy and sell stuff. I saw the same shift there. Most of the time you would be dealing with the best of humanity in pleasant interactions, and all would be good. It was fun to swing by a stranger's garage, have a short convo and pick up a very niche item, then move on. The occasional bad interaction or weirdo would be really sheisty though. Then there was a shift where just more clearly scam-oriented postings than good ones. 

My current theory is that any online platform has a window where only people truly interested in that thing are involved, and as it gets larger it just becomes more unwieldy. Used to be about a decade-long shelf life, now seems to cycle within 5-7 years.
it's a stimulant that helps make up for the perpetual lack of natural vitamin D.
So, my whole life I am the weirdo who is only attracted to people based on personality & not looks. Their physical attraction grows along with my fondness for them and getting to be witness to their actions that endear me. Conventionally hot people? I can appreciate them, but unless they have a personality to back up their looks I don't feel attraction.

You are pretty young and being concerned with how others perceive you is pretty common insecurity, especially during the phase of life when you are still figuring out who you are and how you want others to perceive you.

I suggest you start noting when you are out things he does that you love. Small stuff. Make yourself more present to really see him in the world. What you will probably see is the wonderful person you care for- so start telling yourself in those moments how lucky you are to be with someone like that. The internal shift towards yourself and your bf will help shut up the insecurities about the external world. The more you also acknowledge how great he is the more you shift how other people perceive you as a couple.

The "out of his or her league" stuff is bullshit that has no place in mature love and respect. Stop giving it headspace.
The official term is democratic backsliding or autocratization. 

While the article focuses on wealth inequity, the shift in our supreme court, the granting of corporations the same rights as people, increase in the wealth gap are all more on par with an oligarchy than a democracy. Add bullying & threats now common for smaller elections (school boards, county positions, county election offices) goes along with that.

Plus, our last election was the eradication of a standard democratic norm, the peaceful transition of power, so we are a few stages into backsliding now.
>cash out refinance and use it for investment/rental property

I wish people would stop watching youtube "gurus" on how to get rich quick schemes because being a landlord isn't passive easy income. It should be viewed as a real pt job that is supplying a needed service. 

You tap into the 300K for a HELOC at 7-8% for a downpayment to buy an apartment or small rental in a crazy-high market. Place needs some work, got to cover mortgage and property taxes, property management costs, enough money set aside for any major repairs: you aren't recouping a large profit on that. 

Enjoy your home and be happy to get something in this market that's affordable. In a few years if interest rates have come down take out a HELOC to do some needed upgrades on your own property. Equity only becomes real money when you go to sell.
My paranoid brain thinks: but what if there is a fire and I'm already asleep with carbon monoxide poisoning, someone rescuer tries the door then can't open it and moves on??
I feel like too many organizations in the US at least tend to use cultish tactics or have very strong tendency to use cult of personality to get people to identify with them, even if they aren't really cults. I have done my informal education and won't ever fall for it, lol. I even left a meditation retreat early once because I was like: nope, day 2-3 they're suddenly feeding us less. Cult.
Nope, sold a house in a gentrifying part of LA County I never loved in '21 for double what I paid, thinking it was the peak and I'd get back in in a year. Have been tracking ever since both in SoCal and a few spots in Northern CA. 

If priced at the top of the market we now have more "sitting" homes- as if 30-60 days wasn't what happened in a normal market anyway. If underpriced in a decent area, still getting a bidding war & moving. More sales do seem to drop out of escrow, but overall I think CA has some new normals baked in. We aren't ever going back to 2019 minus a major global financial catastrophe- and even then they'll go back up within a few years.  

I lived in LA for too many years that I couldn't bring myself to pay 1.2 for a flipped bungalow in Glassell Park, & I refuse to buy a 800K condo with high HOA fees that don't do much, so my time there is done.
LA? In the height of the frenzy, I saw a burned-out husk of a home (literal fire damage) go for 1.2 in South Pas. If the location is in a good school district they won't mind raising their asthmatic kid near a freeway, flipper is going to gut and put it back on for 1.2.
So, unless you are on the deed, it is not your house. 

What you do next is up to you. Make a financial agreement to pay rent that is more equivalent to your financial situation (instead of half, you pay less if you do not earn equal amounts), stop funding repairs & projects (he's your landlord). Or, discuss with him that you want to own a home and need to start living your life in such a way that you can save your own money to do so, or discuss with him if you two plan to get married, and does it become joint property then or stay in his name only?

Time to lay cards on the table. You'll either reach a decision you are both happy with in the house and your relationship or you will realize you aren't on the same page. But never enter into next phase of relationship steps without full honest conversations about financials.
I worded it poorly

here's the quote from the CDC

"Oral herpes caused by HSV-1 can spread from the mouth to the genitals through oral sex. This is why some cases of genital herpes are due to HSV-1"
So there's never a lot of training for teaching college except doing it on the fly in grad school. When I first started I learned and made a lot of mistakes along the way.

One thing that helped me is there are a ton of books on teaching college per certain subjects. I ended up buying a bunch online- lots on the theory of pedagogy (not as helpful) and some with practical assignments, how to organize yourself, etc. etc. It also really helps to make friends with some people who have more experience than you and ask for mentorship, plus sit in on other's classes. Also, 15% of teaching is having some decent confidence and stage presence, unfortunately, that makes students stay engaged. Fake it until you make it.

They probably won't let you go, and if that's the case, pick yourself up, know that beginning teachers make mistakes, and go find yourself some resources.

edit- also look for some resources for the depression. that will help a lot too
I worded this poorly and am being downvoted so let me quote CDC

**"Oral herpes caused by HSV-1 can spread from the mouth to the genitals through oral sex. This is why some cases of genital herpes are due to HSV-1"**

The most likely answer is he gave it to you. Talk to a gynecologist.
Yeah, I listen to way too many cult podcasts. Heard one on Synanon, and then would hear guests on other podcasts referencing their experiences at troubled teen schools (again, some still very much in existence), and realized a lot of them seem founded on the same gross, ineffective & destructive methodologies. Poor kids.

Did not know that fun fact though!
Took me years to learn there are two types of people I interact with on a more personal (bosses/friends/family) level: those that get frustrated angry or upset with me & those that are really very patient and kind. 

Took me a few more years to realize the first type made me nervous to the point I was *more* likely to make mistakes around them (drop and break things, forget things, interrupt them) resulting in them getting angry. Whereas, while I still made errors with the second group it wasn't really ever that big of a deal- and lo, and behold- I made less of those types of errors around them because I wasn't *goddamn walking on eggshells.* 

Then, I also started realizing half the time the first group was irritated or blowing up, it was usually way above the pay grade for the mistake I made. Ie, I didn't actively hurt them or do something cruel or unkind. Interrupting someone, breaking something, or forgetting something isn't really a good enough reason to yell at someone. Really, there are NO good reasons to yell at people imo. 

TL;DR years of therapy helped me realize I tolerated abuse stemming from feeling inadequate due to ADHD & my upbringing, and it helped me either institute boundaries or really drop most of that first group out of my life.
There are still schools like this in the US that are open, although they may not be as severe. 

The fight club bs comes from a cult in Southern California in the 1970s that started as a way of helping junkies called the Church of Synanon run by a narcissistic leader. 

The "philosophy" was a control method where they'd put a member on the hot seat and the group would yell all the horrible things they saw in the person to break their ego supposedly. Somehow, even after Synanon was shut down this idea moved into the troubled teen money-grab system that was bigger in the 90s and 00s but is still around today. 

Same thing with policing anything the kids say to the parents. Just horrifying for-profit crap that destroys kids.
According to battlestar galactica abusing toasters is how we end up nuking earth.
Low information diet- don't discuss your job with her.

You can't get her to stop judging, you can't create an argument that will "win" her over, and the job is important to you- both financially and it seems you like it. She's going to always be negative about it, so keep it to yourself and find other things you both share to discuss instead. If she ever brings it up first tell her it isn't worth discussing since it upsets her, and you'd like to avoid that.

Sometimes you just have to accept someone won't be happy for you and is too attached to their own ideas to let it go for one person. Sucks, but it is the way it is, and is especially with crunchy granola moms.

edit saw your replies below- get some therapy if you haven't already. You are stuck in a cycle of being mad at people who hurt you while also probably still looking for their approval. It's never going to happen. You can only change yourself and your reactions.
Ha, my first job in the Bay Area was at a local bakery where I made sandwiches- handled deli slicers, equipment, and ovens. I have fond memories of it. But it was the late 80s so child exploitation was considered more run-of-the-mill, and I did always get my paycheck.
No, because the longer he spent with Roman the more chances of Roman just doing something atrocious to him. He was too precious to be destroyed by the Roy family curse.
It's a bit of a chicken and the egg situation. Is his complete lack of responsibility allowing him to avoid social situations and stay in a comfortable depression, or does his depression prevent him from pursuing any responsibilities that would make him feel better?

He'd probably do well to get counseling and medication. You can't force that on him, but you can begin to start the conversation. He may also benefit from some career counseling/ testing to find out what he'd be good at, or consider certification at a local community college, but all that is something that happens after a bit of therapy and potential medication, so there are some coping skills put into place.

Btw, a lot of people entered reclusive states during the pandemic and never fully came back out of them. It's not uncommon.  

But, given he's lived a sheltered life & while alive your parents may have enabled him, he's really lacking life skills. By inheriting the home, you also inherited their problem. You don't have to enable him, but you can only tell him if the current situation is to work out longer term between you two, you need to see him get help. For social anxiety and/or depression, then start helping himself more. 

If he's completely resistant then let him know maybe it is best to sell the house and split the proceeds. Without any life skills he'll likely blow through his in a certain amount of time. You'll have to decide how much you want to help him in this life.
Yeah, a one-year 13% drop when the peak was 30%+ increase over 2 year period is not that substantial of a drop. 

It also seems very location & condition specific. While it is great people aren't snatching up 900K-1.1 mil tear-downs like crazy people anymore, any decent house in a decent location is still going to sell for over asking. 

The only thing that will bring about an actual crash would be a real, longer-lasting recession + longer period of higher mortgage rates. Even then, house prices may stabilize at 2019 levels, which were still fairly high.
I did the UK one via my mother (laws changed for those born before a certain year to go back and include mothers). Just required gathering documents (birth certificates), forms and paying fees, & then swearing allegiance to the Queen (now the King I suppose) at an embassy.  The last part is weird because they don't make naturalized citizens do that, but small hoop to jump through. After that, I got a passport via more forms.

I'd be more inclined to find a lawyer or dual CPA to help with tax laws after emigrating, but the citizenship part wasn't hard. Although I did it about 15 years ago, so Brexit may have complicated things. But also the UK has gotten a better online system for bureaucracy since then.

I'd hit up the nearest embassies and/or consulates with questions prior to going straight to lawyers.
OP, you've been just as selfish by taking items that were included in a sale. 

You messed up on a contract deal, get over yourself and fix it.
Uh, you removed several fixtures & the dog did do damage. The bathroom mirror one seems especially sneaky since you replaced it- that is the kind of thing some shady sellers do with appliances- sell with nice ones installed then switch them to cheaper ones.

I'd offer $1,500- $2,000 and get this over with.

Your realtor should have told you to leave everything that was bolted to the walls in place, or if you wanted to take them you needed to put that in the contract. Your realtor absolutely should have advised you not to let people move in before funds were released either.

edit looking at your replies. I highly suggest taking some time to breathe through this and stop making this personal. Fork over a little bit of money, lesson learned, move on. You are seeing something as a personal attack when it is a business mistake on your end and your realtor's.
I am actually pro-landlords and believe it is a necessary service & am looking to take over a family rental to become one. 

But then I read posts like this and think damn- tossing out good tenants you've had for years because you feel you aren't making enough $$$. Well, at least I better understand the general disdain for landlords.

Give them notice to remove the dog.
I mean, in a twisted way. Narcissists like having people indebted to them, and Logan uses the murder to shame Kendall plenty. 

I think it more plays into the idea that Logan mocks Kendall for not being a killer in early seasons to take over the company & tells him he "needs to be a killer". 

Kendall doesn't really become a Logan replacement until after his mother's wedding when he drops the weight of guilt for being a murderer. Once he can disavow himself of any moral compass & internalized guilt and shame, he's finally grown into his lovely daddy's shoes.
I would offer 6 months paid up front, last months rent paid, proof of savings, and after 6 months see if landlord would accept a month-to-month lease. Try also getting a letter of recommendation from a previous landlord that states you are a good tenant. 

This way, if they wanted you out they have a loophole after 6 months. 

Landlords are replying they'd all say no, but you just need one to okay the offer. Depending on how competitive the market is.. In plenty of areas in the US rent has increased well beyond yearly incomes making the 3x income requirement harder and harder to fill. Realistically people are just paying more of their income to rent or mortgages now. Eventually, the market has to catch up to realize this or units will just sit empty.
By this logic though people lose good jobs all the time. An employed tenant can also be out of work after a year.
OP, your husband sucks on multiple levels. He should be proud of you, defend you, and if his friends didn't snap out of it the first time he defended you, he should have left the friend circle. 

They are bullies and horrible people. Tell your husband this is non-negotiable, you will not subject yourself to people who disrespect you and call you names, and that he can't see why that's offensive is telling on him.
So, it is a month-to-month lease? In CA I believe month-to-month leases can give landlords the ability to raise rents but only twice per year, they must give written notice & there is a cap. If it is a stand-alone home then it is outside of any rent control and, yes, the landlord can raise rents at any time. 

I'd ask if they can put into wording on the lease only once per year and capped by a % (say 3-5%). If she's talking about her property taxes then that is a one time yearly increase for her. Otherwise she's able to come to you with any kind of unreasonable charges & I wouldn't sign it.
masochistic zillowing?
It happened to a friend of mine- they got bedbugs in the place and the host had the gall to accuse them of bringing them in. It's always a possibility even in hotels- although they tend to do better pest control- but I check beds everywhere now.
I mean, did he do anything special in those 5 days to make you feel romantic? Some people feel desire all the time, & some people feel it because the other person initiates intimacy with them, and that makes them experience desire. Also, when you are new, things are different.

Anyway, the way you can talk about things is to start the conversation.
Why don't you during regular meal times cook together? Watch a cooking video on a simple good meal and delegate tasks?

I get being irritated or thinking someone is using weaponized incompetence, but it seems he is willing to do the chore- you just don't like what he makes & that he's asking you questions. 

But, if instead of asking him to take over when you are busy if you made normal meal times a shared fun job- at least a couple times a week, he'd learn as he goes.
FYI bedbugs bite in 2s and 3s in a line- they call it "breakfast lunch and dinner" those are likely bed bug bites. 

Next time pull up all the bedding and look for small black or brown stains around the seams of any mattress. I'd bag up my suitcase and toss all clothes in a high dryer. 

Id reply to the host saying "after first night brother woke up to about 20 bites & a bug in the bed. Host was unconcerned & said it as mosquitoes.  Brother slept on the couch for remainder of stay & got no more bites."

Just keep it to the facts and be unemotional as to what exactly happened.  Don't be afraid to give bad reviews for hosts either.
You don't have to be in this relationship, you don't need him to start individual therapy, and you certainly don't need a biased therapist to give you the approval to leave.
two negatives make a positive?
Not in the forest as it upsets the trees and rabbits. 

Probably best into a pillow or in the car.
I was there for over 15 years. In the middle of that period I went away for about 3 yrs to another part of the country (the south). Men in this area would chat you up if you were out on a Saturday night, then ask for your number, then call you on a Wednesday to plan a dinner date for the following weekend.

While I never found love in that state either, I would be mind blown every time a guy just acted like a decent interested human. Instead of texting 'you up?' at 2 am five weeks after asking for your number, ha.
FYI in this post & your replies it seems you are trying to present yourself as the reasonable one who wants to be  "classy" "genuine" & "sincere" and that your ex's mom is the true shit-stirrer. 

While she may be one, you come across as just as problematic. The classy way to handle a breakup is to be polite when you see your ex, but don't go poking around in petty emotional wounds or reinserting yourself into their life or family's life. 

If the mother is so histrionic that your leaving without saying goodbye made her clutch pearls and faint, then there is no apology that could salve that wound because the whole issue is stupid, to begin with.
Oh, no. Now I looked. It's heartbreaking. OP needs some therapy for self-esteem issues & why she's so afraid to just.. be alone for a bit. 

She's also in LA. From experience: it's a tough town to date in.
*Look, there are a ton of other hateful people online! I guess I'm okay!*

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

> He has acknowledged that his reactions are misogynistic and inappropriate but it’s the reality and he can’t get through it.

Why would you want to help someone cope with their own internalized misogyny when they have expressed zero interest in changing, and instead are claiming this is normal?

This isn't on you to fix, but it is on you to feel empowered enough to know *you don't deserve this.* 

Either he works on himself, or for your own sense of self, you leave. You don't have to retraumatize yourself by putting up with someone dehumanizing you again.
In King Lear Cordelia was actually good- none of his kids are. It could just as easily be based on Richard III, but that would be an argument that Tom swoops in. Macbeth or Julius Caesar and Roman knives him in the final scene. 

I mean it's *loosely* Shakespearean in that Ken wins, but it also destroys him. Which is really more traditional Greek Tragedy now that I write it out.
the patio plant [panopticon](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Panopticon#:~:text=The%20panopticon%20is%20a%20design,Bentham%20in%20the%2018th%20century) room
Wait! She's your ex? And you knew she was drama *when you chose to be roommates??*

Okay, this one is on you.
You aren't going to get her to stop dating like another commenter suggested, but you don't have to be the frontline audience to her drama.

*I adore having you as a friend and as a roomie. But since you've gotten back into dating, I don't have the bandwidth to keep cycling through your emotional ups and downs with guys. When I am at home sometimes I just need to relax. We can discuss anything else! Tell me about your day at work, tv show plots, (blah blah shared interest)! But, I am putting a moratorium on the saga of your love life discussions.* 

She may not take it well, but all you have to do is continue being nice, but shut down the guy talk the moment it happens.
I used to work at a university tutoring center, and most of the students that used it were foreign language students who needed help checking their English in final papers. I never laughed at any of them (why would I?) but I often delighted in how foreign language speakers would translate their own idioms into English, or their use of adjectives and verbs were technically correct, but so different from how native speakers construct sentences.

I delighted in it because it often created a poetic use of English we native speakers can't access. I found it to be really engaging and spoke to how we are all trying to explain our world.

I get why it comes across more as patronizing, but I think it is helpful to have a sense of humor about our own struggles with language. There is a study that says one reason children are better at learning a second language is not that they aren't self-conscious yet about making mistakes so they'll practice anywhere without editing themselves.
>I don’t understand why he’s so against my diagnosis

Because rather than support you and learn, he'd rather have you think you are just a deficient human he can chastise. 

>He goes through the DSM-5 Criteria and just pulls out everything and says see you don’t meet this or that. Says because I was diagnosed within one visit it must be wrong.     

Holy hell, wtf? Ah, it must be nice for him to be an unlicensed psychiatry & psychology expert. I wonder what other forms of unearned expertise he has under his belt?

And, yes, some types of ADHD can hyper focus & be quite attentive. 

Suggestion: tell him under no uncertain terms to get on board with supporting you or to eff off & you will no longer be discussing this issue with you. You are both young, so he isn't an authoritative-daddy-smart-super-doctor man, he's just being a trash young guy who is diminishing his wife. As you are getting help for ADHD, look into some counseling. You may grow as you learn about your diagnosis. He'll either grow with you or try to hold you back. If it is the latter, you will need to know you can and do deserve better.
It's Kendall because that's also the Shakespearean ending. "The poison drips through" is the line that speaks to the entire series.
CBT is pretty much all about homework, as others have said. Next session let her know that the ADHD side of you is making doing assignments feel like another task to fail at, and you are feeling overwhelmed. Can the two of you brainstorm solutions? 

Few 2 things that I can think of off the top of my head:

1. video or voice record instead of writing down. Much easier just to pop open a voice record memo, state date/time/thought. 
2. 2. Other option may be voice to text-> should be available via google docs in the UK. I've found voice to text notes in one document make it easier for me to get something down, rather than trying to do the writing.
3. Asking her to up praise/reward or check ins. If she's open to it, would she text or email you something every few days that's just a little "keep going! write those thoughts down! thing. This is actually more ADHD coaching than therapy, but if her background is in social work she may be open to it. This one works because you do the task in part not to let the other person down, even if you are in such a low place you don't feel motivated to do it for yourself. 

Good luck! The few occasions I've stuck with CBT type processes, they can help. It is trickier when the depression/anxiety is stemming from ADHD for sure.
Email. Send the email stating per my texts on (list dates) the following repairs need attention. List the repairs. Ask if he would prefer you pay for fixes and take the cost off of next month's rent. 

It's more formal and should get a reply. As for the key, as others said- just go get a spare made.
Colony. But, seriously, others mention Insecure, Crazy Ex-Girlfriend, which do a good job reflecting South Los Angeles and San Gabriel Valley, respectively.

Arrested Development and Party Down are also two comedies that are fairly spot on to living in LA, though Arrested Development is more Orange County.
I know. That poor little quiet as a mouse child needs some vit D.
Herzliya is right by Tel Aviv, but nice because it's a little quieter. I can't say much as to what living there as an ex-pat will be like or the bureaucracy you will run into, but it's an easy area for speaking English & meeting other people from around the world, plus the Mediterranean is beautiful. Driving, on the other hand, is hell, but I'm a nervous driver.
Read point number 4, OP states that servers are deluded that they think they are worth $30-50 an hour.
It's a shame because children are very good oyster shuckers. It's the tiny nimble hands.
They're going to pay a lot in capital gains taxes, plus the closing costs they paid when bought, so really seems like a hassle for 50K.
AH, I lived in LA for decades. LA & Bay Area are both very hustle culture heavy areas. 

The good news is LA is *vast.* If you are back for family and committed to staying, you can find your people. In my experience LA takes a few years to find the niches you want to be in.
Wait, people are either bragging about how much they've traveled or they are not interested in foreign experiences- you can't have both. 

US is so regional. You've kinda described the Bay Area, though I suppose it could be like that in other cities. I know that in CA in general people tend to find friendships through mutual interests as opposed to neighborhoods. May want to look at some groups near you that involve an interest. The friendly/ superficial thing is a generalization. Depending on your age, making friends just gets harder and harder as you get older. I find that the best friends I've made tend to be a handful of people I had to make an effort to get to know and sustain the relationship. 

As for the job/money/schools talk, that's definitely here in a more open and crass way. I've found other cultures tend to do the class-status stuff too, just much more subtle or low-key than we do in the US.
Ok, he's still a bit of a sociopathic water hoarder for when the water wars come, but I still find him the *least* offensive.
I have zero sympathy for any of them. They are wealthier than god and could have figured how to exit the family dynamic, undergo a hundred years of therapy, and go off and be happy planting roses and growing pluots. Traumatic childhoods aside, as adults they have free will. And access to more resources than 99% of the people on earth with traumatic childhoods. Money isn't happiness, but it provides options. 

The only characters I tend to like would be Willa & Conner. Conner, even if his political theories are narcissistic and thinly fleshed out, and Willa may not have the actual talent for her playwriting aspirations, but they don't actively go about damaging others. Just live in their weird little fantasy wealth bubble.

Roman's sociopathy can be fun in moments to watch, his abuse may have been more physical than the other two, but he was always the kind of person who'd torture children and animals.
Some people (me) really cannot handle focussing on getting to know more than one person at a time. 

I know some people can meet several different people in one week. I think that's fine, too. I, however, would never push someone to be exclusive at the just texting or talking phase, and who else they are dating or speaking with is their business until such time as we've actually established a real-life connection. 

My point is could be love bombed or simply how they navigate online dating. Be clear in whatever your boundaries are - *hey, if you want to stop chatting with others, that's your choice. I prefer to stay open when getting to know people until such time as we've been actually dating and agreed to exclusivity.* 

If they respect that you are fine. If they give you pushback eff 'em.
Handicapped spaces are important, but anything aside from those: if the imperative is to ensure equal access to the beaches for all Californians, then we'd have Jitneys set up that go around & make stops at several inland locations in the early morning, take people to the beach for the day, then return in the early evening. 

There used to be a service like that in the summers in LA that went specifically from an Area like Altadena to Santa Monica/Malibu to help people get to the ocean for the day. Don't think it has run in many years. But getting that going & leaving more outdoor spaces for people to enjoy the ocean makes more sense than building more car infrastructure.
My grandmother was born in the US (Alaska), but went back to Ireland as a teenager, then married an Englishman and settled in England. She spent the majority of her 99 years in the UK being very proud of her American citizenship. Even had a American Ladies Club she attended. Went through WW2 in London, raised two kids, paid British taxes, and eventually died in her home in the countryside, but never dropped that she was a US citizen from her identity. 

For some people, I think the point is enjoying always being a foreigner.
The US, for all its current and past problems, is probably the one place in the world where the end goal for immigration is usually integration- especially for the 1st gen kids born here. It's become more loudly mainstream nativist in the past 5-10 years, but for decades even -- if we didn't quite live up to it-- we liked to describe the US as a successful "melting pot."

Some of the proudest Americans are immigrants who eventually got citizenship. Probably because of the number of years it takes and hoops to jump through. Ironically, they tend to know more basic American history than the average American-born citizen, in order to pass their citizenship exam.
>they feel rejected in their home countries so are more bothered by not being accepted in a new country either

I feel like the experience of not fully identifying with your home country or feeling accepted could set an individual up mentally to be better at handling the "stranger in a strange land" syndrome. It depends if the person saw moving as a way to find acceptance vs. taking the skill of experiencing things as an outsider and applying it to a positive outsider experience.
Eh, if they are just washing it in a colander and little bits are going down, that shouldn't be breaking a garbage disposal, still. It's normal to rinse rice- I've done it long since before tiktok existed. It does cook better and rice is really dirty- like picking stones and rinsing dirt out of dried lentils. 

I thought they were dumping bags of it in. 

This all is likely to be the reset button and the disposal is really delicate- so if the motor goes too hard on anything it sets itself off. They might be running it for too long, it's plugged into an outlet that can't carry the electrical, etc. 

First thing they should do is learn to look under the sink, see if the reset button has popped and push it back in. Second thing is buy one of those little sink strain things for the drain.
You take a broom handle and jam it in till you can turn the little rotator knifey bits then hit the reset button under the sink. At least that's what my old landlord use to do.

Also, a little bit of cooked rice shouldn't break a garbage disposal unless they are putting gallons of it down and letting it swell or putting in uncooked?
Been an ongoing problem here for several years. The farther south (SLO/Santa Barbara) the more inured people are at "fire season" and the following "mudslide season." Much of SLO county is inland and is high brush/ higher heat/ more fires. 

Right near the coast, the air quality is always much, much better but depending on the fire season you still might get a few days or weeks of reddish air with high pollutants. During the Malibu fires several years ago the coastline in Southern California was deep red for the longest I've ever seen it. 

Also, right near the coast anywhere in CA will be premium rent and housing costs.
I agree with this 100%. I think it's one of those things that's low priority to some people/ high priority to others. 

I come from one of the most car-reliant cities in the US (LA) that people dream of ex-patriating to, and many ex-pats that land there love it (especially UK- to LA or anywhere in CA due to weather). I lived there for 20 years, and pretty much burned out part of my brain on commuting, dealing with road rage people, insane traffic at all hours of the day. Stopped going out in the evening if it meant driving/parking. 

Also, as a dual citizen, grew up spending a lot of time in the UK. I'd always come back from visits feeling physically better, & mentally calmer, then want to cry when I had to get back into my car for daily life.
In California I think it's like 90K. TJ's pays it's employees well and has great benefits, they just don't want them to unionize.
oh, thanks- Love a good new word!
This is hysterical. 

Reminds me when I was a kid I swore Tina Turner was singing 'W*hat's love but a second-hand abortion?'* when she sang What's Love Got to Do with It?
She added an edit, they have a kid together. 

He either locked her down with a baby, or she naively ignored the glaring warnings and still had a kid with him.
>I’m finding myself freezing like a deer in headlights 

Yeah, that's a common trauma response- fight/flight or freeze

&#x200B;

>I found out he was on dating apps behind my back.

So, he's projecting his cheating onto you. He is a cheater, even if he isn't actively doing so right now- he still thinks like a cheater and therefore has decided everyone is like him. So, rather than change he is controlling you 

&#x200B;

>we have a new baby

Oh, god. This is not a situation that is going to go away. You have a baby with a controlling cheater.
I would absolutely let them know (in a very polite professional manner) while you were happy with their work while purchasing, the ghosting and failed promise at the end means you will not be referring them to 3 new clients nor using them to purchase a second property. 

You can't report it- once everything's signed and he's gotten the keys in your hands his job is technically over. But a good realtor will keep in touch and continue to offer some reasonable support to a client because half their business is generating leads. 

Dude should learn from unprofessional behavior.
*As long as you didn't waive inspections*, then it is probably what you need to do right now to be competitive. 

If you can afford the monthly payments + property taxes, then you stayed within your budget. And, if they take your offer, then you can always negotiate down for any issues found during inspections. Make sure your home inspector has good reviews, and I'd also do my due diligence on sewer line and roof inspection separate from a general home inspection. 

Paying over asking and buying a lemon sucks. Paying over asking and getting the home you want = general state of things now.
>My therapist discounted that I could have had trauma or anything like it caused by masking because, as she said, my trauma caused my ADHD not the other way around.

If you like this therapist then it is worth bringing up this sentence in therapy next session and explaining why it upsets you. 

Your therapist may have crackpot theories, she may have failed to explain herself well, you may have misinterpreted her in session. Part of therapy, esp. for people with CPTSD is learning we can speak up to people who we think see us wrong and they will still be there for us. If she is a good therapist and the right one for you, you should be able to resolve this in therapy.

Now, she may double down or further invalidate you- in which case, I am sorry, but maybe she's not the right therapist for trauma work for you. But! You still will have spoken up for yourself and how you view your own body/mind & diagnosis.
You are looking at this incident in the context of larger behavioral patterns asking people to judge the incident outside of any context. I don't think you can get a fair take on that.

Incident alone- I'd say it deserved a discussion where both parents agree the creek is off limits for now, or a walk down there to as a family to assess the poison oak situation. If it was only in certain areas and obvious, then you can tell the kids where they could play. They go into it, at that point it was on them. Is it everywhere? Okay, off limits. Both parents act like a team.

In your situation, you are trying to get her to parent for you, you have to make a unilateral decision, and that system is failing. The kids know you both aren't on the same page & aren't a team. Their own emotional development isn't going great because mom is checked out. They have learned to play one parent off the other.

I'd highly suggest you look into individual therapy for yourself if your wife won't seek help or go to couples counseling. Here's why: you are the enabler of a dysfunctional family unit right now. Even though you are doing what you can to keep everything together, but taking on that role you've also allowed your wife to stay comfortable in neglecting her own mental illness and neglecting the kids. 1). It may help if she sees you take that initiative for yourself & she may be more open to help 2). At the very least: it will help you decide if this situation is sustainable/ feel less like you have to bring things to reddit as you learn to understand better what's happening to you and your own reactions in these situations. 

edited to add: good luck- it is a lot.
Are you.. quoting the film Chinatown?

LA is a medditerean climate. Joshua Tree, Mojave, and those areas well outside of LA County are desert climates. 

In plenty of parts LA has much better native plants restoration than the Bay Area, esp individual homes that have given up green lawns for natives in the past 10 years. 

As for parks. They aren't "green spaces" like Golden Gate- ie man-made or cultivated. While there are some invasive species in the areas I listed, most of those park areas are chaparral- Griffith Park or Santa Monica Mts for example are a wide expansive set of trails through public lands.

We do have too many golf courses though.
Read through the comments- got to several of your replies that are way more illuminating than your original post: your wife has depression, she is completely checked out right now, & you are not sure she even likes being a mom. *You have to remind her to be kind to her own kids.*

At the same time, you have one neurodivergent kid, the oldest you describe as emotionally immature who doesn't feel responsible towards younger siblings (acting like mom) & a middle child out in the world trying to prove how tough he is (middle child stuff + trying to prove he doesn't need a mom).

Your wife's mental health is impacting your kids. 

Couples counseling for communication and she needs individual therapy & doctor's visits. Get to the bottom of the depression. If it has been going on for years she has clinical depression which will not magically go poof away on its own. Is it hormonal, or chemical imbalance, has your wife been tested for ADHD ASD. ADHD and ASD are genetic and frequently kids who are diagnosed with it help a parent realize they too are neurodivergent or that they had a parent who was. Women with it often go undiagnosed, especially if they are smart enough to do well or okay in school, and years of living with it without any support or education can lead to clinical depression.
It turned to crap in the last year because you got married. In her mind now you won't leave her and she can let who she wants to be out.

She could have any number of mental health problems- unless she wants to get help she won't change. In the meantime, she's grooming you to start walking on eggshells, cede to her version of reality, and to tolerate the same kind of abuse you grew up with.

I~~d ultimatum this- she either agrees she has a rage problem and she needs & gets help, or you need to leave.~~

edit read your other comments. She says "this is just who she is" - complete crap. She likes taking her emotions out on you and won't change. Get out.
Because they've been sold a bag of lies by the wedding industry that marriage is supposed to start with a bended knee proposal in an idyllic setting that someone who takes professional photos nearby just so happens to capture the moment, then it goes from there. 

People can't talk about the nuts and bolts of their relationships: 5-year plans, financials, housing goals, marriage timelines/ kid timelines but they want an entire lifelong committed relationship to be birthed from unicorn farts and fairy dust.
>I know this situation is at least half my own fault 

Nope. Completely skewed power dynamic. She was inappropriately building intimacy with you, and her dumping her divorce stuff on you was also BS. No offense but no 18-year-old kid gives good advice about a marriage falling apart- she was using you as an emotional crutch and then set up a scenario to seduce you. I am guessing afterwards she feels ashamed enough to not continue the pattern. 

While this is a terrible thing for you to have to experience, you do need to remove yourself from the situation, but it should not negatively impact your career aspirations. Back off of her for a while & start looking for internships or other opportunities in this field to make contacts, then reach out very professionally via email and ask her for a letter of recommendation. She may or may not do it, but she should. After you have that letter, put her out of your mind. 

If you are still feeling emotional fall out do not be afraid to speak to a counselor. You were taken advantage of and it can impact a lot of facets of your life without your realizing it. But you did not destroy anything,
Alright, if you really can't get out of there and need to finish up school, then deny him a huge drama scene or hashing it out. Tell him you need some time & he sleeps on the couch. Then, carry on with life. He brings it up? You need some time, etc. etc. 

It absolutely will not work for 3 months, but it may buy you about a month of reprieve. If you need to find a "3rd place" outside of school/work and home to do your studying like a library or cafe. 

Basically, grey rock his cheating ass.
LA County is huge. Lots of concrete throughout, but some neighborhoods are tree lined (Pasadena comes to mind), and there is access to huge swaths of hiking and green spaces (Griffith Park, San Gabriels Mts, Hacienda Hills, Santa Monica Mts).

The difference is you have to drive to them.
Buy in spring because that's when neighborhoods are at their peak noisy. Go to the area/block you are looking at at varying times of day and night, plus weekends and *walk around.* Walking is different than being in your car- you see more stuff and get a better feel. 

When ready to buy do a little googling to see if you can find out who owns the neighbor houses- are the owner-occupied for a long time or rentals? Air bnb? Rentals means having a high turnover of neighbors, so you may get along with someone and then the next family in is noisy. Air bnbs are a no-go. Ultimately you can never predict the future and people near you can sell to whoever, so you have to go on faith. 

Look for homes with good windows & solid insulation- older windows more noise. Homes above street level by a bit are better than homes below street level for how sounds carry. 

I am noise sensitive. While there are definitely neighborhoods that have a culture of quiet they tend to skew older and wealthier. At the end of the day, assume you will be hearing life around you in a much different way than when you live on an acreage, think leaf blowers and construction, etc. and look into playing calming music and other things in the home to mask.
*Hello child, your inability to hide your emotional reactions around me due to my shitty parenting makes me uncomfortable, perhaps you'd like a pill for that?*

1. take some time off for just you and your partner. Just because they paid for the vacation doesn't mean you have to be around them 24/7. Go off on your own for a bit or book a dinner just the two of you.
2. There's a little box where any hurtful comments from parents go into. You do not respond in real time to the hurtful comment other to shut it down and not engage or take the bait. Said box can be emptied at a later point post-vacay when safe to do so
3. Enjoy the good parts!
Looks like free museum day is over this year, but check out this list of museums in LA- it is representing so many varied interests, cars, tv, art, difficult cultures, science, etc. [https://socalmuseums.org/annual-free-for-all-23/](https://socalmuseums.org/annual-free-for-all-23/)
Sorry, but screenshot all the deleted texts and save them to a cloud server only you have the password for, and contact a lawyer.

Maybe you want to make it work, and I wouldn't judge you for that if that's your ultimate decision. But, you should also protect yourself in case it is heading to divorce proceedings.
That book he mentions - the Four Turnings- is beloved by Steve Bannon-  Trump's former white house chief strategist who is more than a bit of a crackpot & was also obsessed that the US should be getting into a war over islands in the South China Seas. Very much a "burn it all down" guy who got fired before he was able to. I think he now runs a school for fascists in Italy or something. 

Bigger picture the chances of major war or climate catastrophe, based on the cycles of history + the current issues with the environment, are quite high, but I don't think we should be *hoping* for it.
I could never be with someone who refuses to ever laugh when I make a joke- or who drags me when I am just trying to tell them something. Dude sounds like a soul-crushing clown.
The last time I had an issue as a guest, I ran things up the chain and made the biggest professional-sounding stink I could and didn't drop it until I got a refund.

I was asking for a partial refund and got a full refund. I am pretty sure they made a mistake in my favor-  but being persistent was the only way I got anything to happen. I didn't sit around waiting for them to "get back to me."

that said I no longer use the service. It was a fantastic way to travel about 10 years ago
If you are young, you have zero things keeping you, then trying it out can't hurt. Also, it's bullshit that neither sister invites you to Christmas. Unless you had some grave falling out, seems very callous. 

I think as long as you don't view a move to a new country as a solution to fixing inner problems but making your outer life align more with what you want to see, then it's always great to try an adventure.
People are defending this, and I don't get it. I think your response is ethical and the fact that you as non-clinical staff find it off-putting is understandable. If they are talking with you about a session it is not because they expect you as administrative staff to have clinical insight that would help someone, but because they want to gossip/ unload/ vent. Not your job to offer that to them. They can vent with other therapists or their own therapist.

Most clients would be devastated to know of this behavior. It speaks poorly of the clinic you work at, and I am guessing that is because it is run by someone who has these issues & comes from the top.

Next time a coworker dumps information on you that makes you uncomfortable I would just say "as someone in an administrative role I am uncomfortable knowing this much about a patient's private information as to what goes on in session."  and end the convo. They will either respect that and clean up, or ice you out. But if they respond to a reasonable request like that in a petty way, it's more proof they are in the wrong field/ it's a toxic work environment for you.
Because this post isn't about providers speaking among themselves, or making dark jokes, it's about them mocking patients & laughing about them in front of administrative staff–– to the point that the staff in question (ie OP) feels it's questionable enough to post on here. 

Want to vent to another therapist about a patient without using names? Okay. Want to go to your own therapy session and complain about them? Understandable. But mocking them in meetings where there should be some expectation of professionalism is off-putting
Where I am in the US only 50% of cars on the road use their blinker regardless of brand. Using your blinker would be telling the enemy your plans, and then the enemy could stymie those plans.
This actually varies state by state. In CA, you must stop at a red to turn right, then if it is clear you can go. I did it in Louisianna-stopped then turned on a red, and I got a citation.
Oh, you can get a ticket for jaywalking in the US in plenty of states, it's just that it is a law that isn't enforced in any meaningful way. After being illegal for years, California recently changed the law making it legal *if* it doesn't cause a crash. Which is ambiguous at best.
>sent a message "hehehehehehehehehehe" 

You are being way to polite with Air Bnb's response- raise bloody hell with them and get more angry. You should be escalating this until you get the platform to contribute to the cost of a higher AirBnb. Will it work? I don't know, but I would try.

Can a host cancel a reservation to make more money? Probably ways to go about it, yes. But to do so and taunt you is an a-hole that should be banned from their server. I would be agitating for a much bigger response and I would NOT stop beating home that the guy will cost you $1200 and mocked you. 

Send support a text message and screen shot his message.
>I honestly don't want to go comfort her at this point

You aren't being "too sensitive" you are being insensitive. 

>But, you can go alone. If not, please don't be annoyed about this"'

Someone took off a weekend shift and was really looking forward to getting to do something fun with her new husband and friends after not having any weekend fun, I assume for awhile.

When you go to tell her your response is to request she *shouldn't be annoyed*

You not feeling up to going is fine. I don't even think it's that big of a deal that you could tolerate TV but didn't want to risk a bar, and I get being tired out even after a migraine has passed. Only, all you had to say is- *hey I know you were really looking forward to this. I'd love for you to go have fun & I am sorry I'm not up for it. I want to make this up to you when I am feeling better.*

Not try to get ahead of her reaction, and tell her not to be annoyed.
Forgetting pro/cons list which you can write yourself for the things that matter to you, I always think that you only have one life and to experience different things at different phases of it is a luxury some people never get.
Some of my most comfortable & treasured relationships are with people I can sit quietly beside. To me, it's a form of really nice intimacy to be even on a road trip and not have to speak the entire time.
I'm from a VHCOL area and there were articles and anecdotal stories starting ages ago- (before this current house market, but back when rents were starting to shoot up in that city) - of couples who stayed in the same rental or home even after breaking up because of cost of housing. 

Give it 5 more years and we'll be getting think pieces on the subject, I swear.
You two are fundamentally incompatible. He should know you at a deep enough level to know his idea of work for you is not something you'd consider. Failing that, he should drop it immediately once he received a "no." 

Finally, say you did earn enough money for a deposit on a home off your bum pics, why'd you want his lazy non-contributing ass on the title with you?
One flaw in the "older downsize folks won't downsize anymore" is that plenty of the boomers who bought suburban family homes in the early 80s & never moved now have more equity in their homes than mortgages left. For them, to sell means a cash sale to buy their next downsized home- mortgage rates don't matter. In CA there are a lot of really nice 55+ gated communities where prices on condos and homes are capped. So, if you went to sell your 4 bedroom suburban empty nest home for 1.5- 2+ mil (cost of houses here) you can easily get into a nice 2 bedroom in a gated community wit amenities for 750K cash. Again, this is very location dependent. 

I agree though that a lot of currently bought starter homes for this generation will become longer-term homes. We used to see people (post-boomer gen) more likely to sell and move up in 5-7 years. I think that cycle is over.
I know. That's sort of my sarcastic point. People who are claiming that those will who bought with low mortgage rates will *never sell* are missing the fact that over time life happens. It won't be everyone, of course. & in the case of divorce, for people who can re-fi at a higher rate and buy someone out, it will be okay. 

For a lot of other people job changes, divorce, death, etc. will make selling the reasonable option. Same for the subset of panic buys during the pandemic and crazy market when folks chose houses they really didn't like- just to get in. Eventually, in the next 5-10 yrs, they probably will make the choice to sell if they can make the move. And, recessions are cyclical. Maybe the current cycle is a prolonged period of healthy employment numbers, but it is unlikely looking to the future that is a forever-and-ever factor.

I'm sure many low mortgage rate folks will stay and enjoy their forever homes. While I very much doubt a major housing crash, I also don't think the current stalemate market + low inventory is a permanent state. Maybe a decade-long one, but not permanent. 

Everything is a case-by-case scenario & highly localized though.
Divorcee Duplexes
This woman was friends with OP's mom when she started sleeping with her married friend's husband. 

Don't get me wrong, OP's father is 100% morally culpable for cheating on and leaving his wife, but him being surprised his 2nd wife is a backstabby piece of work given how they met?
You make an agreement: no politics at the birthday breakfast. You break the agreement and make a little "off-hand comment." Then proceed to be upset that the other person is upset. AND doesn't defend his own kid because it is more important to have another man chime in and tell him he is correct even if that guy starts yelling at his kid. You can tell he was dizzy with happiness that he got a backup person. 

He takes zero responsibility for his own shitty behavior even when he is trying to paint himself as reasonable.
So, the thing that would drive me crazy is if any extraneous noise from its generators carried. I assume it isn't near the property at all, and ten acres should mean when you are at the home you can't hear it, but I would walk around and see how noticeable it is. Once you are in real quiet, industrial sounds tend to stick out more.
Unintended Consequences- Post Pandemic

Abstract: How many couples remained married between 2022-2042 despite desperately wanting to divorce due to once-in-a-lifetime low mortgage rates?

Article: So you are going to stay shacked-up with your divorced husband/wife because of that low mortgage rate? Here are 10 ways to decorate.
My god, being alone would be a better option than this!?! What happens when you are sick? Does he laugh at you when you are in pain? 

Let me ask you this: what would you say or do if he came to you and he had been SA'd? Would you have the ability to have empathy and be a little comforting? If so, maybe you aren't so low EQ as you are making yourself to be. 

Partnership in life means going through tough things with another person. You deserve help.
Hey, it's okay. It makes a lot of sense that after a year of texting he earned your trust. 

Please get help or talk to someone at [RAINN](https://www.rainn.org/)\- the national hotline for sexual assault. It's important to have a safe person to speak with. Bigger picture, you've been through abuse for a long period of time, and it takes time to undo that. I hope you can or have had access to therapy and support.
> I am definitely going to hurt her feelings and it might have a long term effect. 

Her feelings are not your responsibility, and if a reasonable boundary and request from you causes her to remain resentful for years, that's on her. 

> she might spend a long time questioning me and bringing up things to make me feel guilty for making this choice.

You and your husband come up with one or two sentences (3 max) that describe your boundary and decision succinctly, kindly and firmly. Begin it with a positive: 1) we love that you are excited about our child- 2) then the reason they can't come (keep it short- advised by a medical professional it will be too much stress) 3) the offer you're making instead

She throws stuff at you repeat the statement. Drags out to long, you get off the phone by saying this: *I hear that you sound frustrated. I am going to get off the phone to let you process. I hope you consider our offer.* 

Stop fearing your mom will dump you or she controls this situation. She wants to be in her grandchild's life, she will need to learn how to respect your boundaries as a parent. The moment she sends shitty youtube videos state "*these are not helpful I will be deleting them*" she gives bad advice say *"I use my doctor for advice on vaccines"* One sentence answers then stop engaging on the topic. She goes off longer, get off the phone. 

You need to learn how to give them clearly and politely and hold onto boundaries without fearing her reactions. But, you actually have the power in this situation. Good luck.
So, no, don't contact him. Congratulations on learning a painful life lesson at an age-appropriate moment in life: sometimes people say a bunch of crap they don't really mean. Planning a year head to your anniversary after only dating 4 months, bringing up living together, dropping hints about wanting you to get along with his parents? All fantasy horseshit. He was making "future plans" as a way to play games, not because the intention was to follow through. 

You were in the early stages of getting to know each other. My personal theory is it is usually around the 3 or 4 month part when someone starts to reveal who they are without trying to be on their bestest behavior all the time. Now you know who he is. 

Mourn for a bit, feel shitty, then take the lesson and apply it to the next guy.
Oh, I discovered geoguesser one weekend. Played compulsively and was pretty decent at it but then never played again. It was fun to zoom around different cities though.
He gave you **33** days' notice. What he did was legal. What you are trying to do isn't. 30 days notice to quit means just that, they are quitting after the 30 days is up.

edit correction 34 days given May has 31 days in it.
I had a former annoying neighbor that was both invasive (everything was his business) and a bit of a hoarder and crazy. One day I smelled a seriously high kerosene fuel burning for about 3 hours, smoke everywhere. I figured the nutjob wanted to grill some steak and didn't know not to use a bottle of lighter fluid.

Nope. That asshole was smoking out a beehive on his property. So all these poor colony collapse bees came into my yard to die. 1000s of bees flopped on my lawn sadly buzzing and moving in confused circles for several days before they shriveled up. I got to go outside and look helplessly at the slow-moving bee massacre that was my yard.
I had a neighbor reroof his house himself during the pandemic. Instead of 3-5 days of a crew getting in/ getting out, it was about 3 months of that dude and his nail gun slooooowly placing every goddamn roof shingle and pop-pop-popping it down for about 3 or 4 hours a day. 

Like a form of goddamn torture, it was. I looked online and he hadn't gotten it permitted, and I felt so petty and going crazy at month 2 that I called the county. Then it stopped for a month (victory!!) only to start back up for another month (crushing sadness).
At first I was thinking maybe your father abused your mom or there are details you are missing.

Doesn't matter- a parent should never put your brother in the position your mom has chosen. She has no right to manipulate him into cutting you out, and it makes me assume there are other things she's manipulated him on over the years. Even his girlfriend is spinning out over these demands. Your mom has a whole host of people she's managing to keep in her orbit and try to control.

Reach out and tell him you love him and you will always be available to him, but that you are not following a request to control who or who isn't in your life from a parent you have no connection to. I'd add: if his mom loved him she would not be placing the burden of her resentments onto him. Suggest he look into therapy because he should not have to take on this much of your mother's resentments and be so controlled by her.
True- it doesn't work in all areas, though you can get a gist of things. 

Pretty much all of New Orleans can get noisy if there's any festival in town, but the French Quarter is especially bad if you like to sleep and not listen to revelers street vomiting under your charming balcony.
Ah, the collective *you*, not the individual *you*. 

I lived in a liberal-leaning part of LA for years that bordered on a very red county, & we had are trump voters + trump flag people, so very familiar with the incorrect perception that LA is solely some liberal paradise. I think the misperception is true of California in general.

Anyhoo, I have edited it to remove my snark, and apologize for misreading tone.
I'm so neurotic that prior to booking I open up google maps and hone in on the small area air bnb shows without "exact address" before booking and you can google street maps view to see if it is a meh part of town.
Same goes for real estate postings that do this. I now have a biased assumption all the brightened and whitened close-ups of a bowl of lemons on the kitchen counter with a soft focus background are just an attempt to hide some moldy neglected grout.
>My husband announced to me yesterday that he wants to renounce his U.S. citizenship he's had since birth and claim Danish citizenship

Wait- does it even work that way or was he already a dual citizen and feels he needs to make a political statement to unAmerican himself?

Anyway, I am not sure how much this sub can help because this sounds more like a marriage issue than an emigration one. Like, a partner stating they want to make a unilateral decision that impacts the entire family rather than open up a discussion is never a healthy thing.
Are there no hotels around you for $200 per night so he can have a hotel room?

I will get downvoted into oblivion because this sub is mostly people who run Airbnbs, but Airbnb has changed over the years and it really lost its charm with me as a traveler. 12 years ago I used it to travel around the world and had great experiences. I would now either look to hotels with small kitchenettes, a real B & B, or if I want to pay Airbnb prices go straight to a corporate-run vacation rental company in my chosen destination. Many of the airbnb's posted now are run by a corporate property management company anyway, & the listings can make it difficult to tell. I'd rather use a company that has its own website and contact numbers than try to resolve issues through airbnb's platform. 

It sucks because I am sure there are still some great ones, but with even critical reviews being removed & a huge oversaturation of people doing it- too many wild cards. You kind of have to brace yourself now and think this may be great or it may be terrible.
Buy a trash house and get a new hobby: house repairs. Buy something with good plumbing electrical and roof- learn how to fix interior bleh. 

This may be contrarian advice on this sub, but if you can find a home that means your mortgage & property taxes will be the equivalent of your rent, you plan to stay in the home for 5-7 years, and you can learn to be handy and sink a lot of free time (plus money) into repairs, you would be better off with a shitty starter home *in a good area* now than trying to get in in 5 years. I italicized in a good area because, for the intent of one day selling and moving up, a shitty house in a shitty area may very well drop in value over time. Markets are unknown.

edit- I see others addressing this, but my advice here is skewed because you live in St. Louis and it really is one of the cheapest cities in the US. Your incomes & deposit amount more than cover you for a $250K house.
> I last lived here. LA is still a huge area of about 10 million people (county at least), & **I think that reflects a wider spectrum of viewpoints represented on the sub.**

Dear friend. I addressed your concerns. Thus my point the LA sub is more split. This is what we call reading comprehension.
In True Blood he's at least a loveable asshole.
Green tea (Gen Mai Matcha) and a turkey sandwich is my go to. L-tryptophan in turkey + L-theanine in the green tea is a perfect combo for calm but active and focused brain.
Most of the time that grass that's where a sidewalk should be is owned by the county and is for public access even without a paved sidewalk on it- he likely doesn't "own" it but it's his responsibility to maintain it. Next time you can tell him to call the cops and you'll wait while they explain to him not to make dumb calls to the police. 

Or just cross the road to avoid him. Old people get weird.
As a former Angelino who is now in the Bay Area and on both subs, Bay Area subs in general suck. It's very complainy. LA's sub is partly bad news/ crime/ jokes about meth on the subway but also nice things about the city, and lost/found pets.

I wouldn't say it's all astroturfed. It's also a subset of residents in the Bay Area & definitely a more conservative/libertarian bubble now than when I last lived here. LA is still a huge area of about 10 million people (county at least), & I think that reflects a wider spectrum of viewpoints represented on the sub.
People are going on about your bf being a git for wanting bigger boobs, but what gets me is his friend disrespected & sexualized you, and from his reaction (trying to hide it) this was an ongoing discussion or joke between them. 

Who cares about him finding you sexually attractive at this point, he's a disrespectful twat.
I swear I learned so much when I went into Nordstroms and had the ladies in the lingerie department actually do a proper fitting on me. They make you try on a bunch of bras in a certain range, then look at how they fit and actually teach you your proper size. Apparently, most of us wear band sizes that are too big & should go down in band size but up in cup size. It's all very confusing.
There actually is. It's complicated but the smaller the band size then the smaller the cup size even if the letter stays the same. A 36B could also likely fit a 34C. 

Nonetheless, OP's boyfriend is a git.
I feel like wine is totally appropriate if the house is in wine country = go for it. People visiting are clearly there for wine (usually) and something local is nice. Otherwise, not everyone drinks and even people who drink don't always drink wine. 

A neater host gift is something that represents the area- local honey or something.
>some of these were discussed and she’d read them and made a post with ever detail about him and me saying that our kids should be taken away and that neither of us are fit parents.

The mother based the accusations directly from texts between her daughter and the husband and people are reacting strongly, so I assume there was so highly problematic behavior & no made up accusations- although it may have been from the past & no longer relevant and/or taken out of context.
I am glad you've had a positive experience. The mild weather is its own special benefit, too. I will certainly miss it when I go.
Similar to in New Orleans where the question is "How you doing?" and the correct answer is "How you doing?" back. 

Nobody actually knows how anyone is doing, but the question has been properly asked.
Thanks for the thoughtful reply. I agree but I feel like Bay Area and South Bay are a super separate microcosm within the US even when it comes to suburban diversity. I think almost 40% of an area like Santa Clara are immigrants, 2nd gen or people here on visas, so the diversity of cultures living within same neighborhoods here is much higher than even other metros. I find friendliness throughout the South Bay to be very hit-or-miss since I've been back, but I am not really tied into my current neighborhood.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

I lived in the South 3 years and even there, I still think it's really regional still. Atlanta? Not so much. New Orleans? Almost every person who crosses your path. I've been in small towns in Texas & Mississippi and would call them extremely unfriendly to outsiders.
Don't try to hold her accountable, but do tell her you'd like to help her find help, and it's a topic you won't discuss with her. 

I'd frame it this way: I *feel you are making self-destructive choices. I'd like to help you find a therapist you can speak with. I know your dad and I's marriage/divorce/ troubles may have impacted you growing up & wasn't the greatest example, so I would love to see you find a healthy way to love.*

*That's my offer- to help you find help, but I won't listen to you discuss your choice in a partner or any issues you are having when you tell me they are married.* 

None of this is about love or sex even though she may frame it that way. She likes the power of being "chosen" over someone else. She doesn't know how to be a friend to herself or others. If she's not ready to get help, that's on her, but you don't need to be part of her drama cycle and bear witness to her blowing up other's lives.
>Will never do meth again.

Oh, be careful friend. You know how gross it made you feel but it's a highly highly addictive drug for a reason. Put that on a post-it on your mirror & block the guy's number and grindr profile because you may get out of this totally fine- but only if you *really* never do it again.
Pretty much any smaller region with a huge wealth gap and inequality in living standards is going to have crime. [Silicon Valley](https://calmatters.org/california-divide/2023/02/silicon-valley-inequality/) has "the top 1% of households holding 48 times more of the total wealth than the bottom 50%." There was a very healthy middle class here about 20+ years ago that's now hanging on by a thread. 

Johanneseburg would be an example of this on steroids- given it is a post-apartheid apartheid city with intense wealth divide and high violent crime, coming out of a recent enough history of total oppression & violence that certainly went well beyond even US redlining laws or racial covenants (of which CA historically had many). 

Crime has, for the most part, been on the increase globally in metro areas since the pandemic along with higher incidents of car accidents. At the same time, there is a global housing crisis in many major metro areas that intensified from 2020 on. I don't think the issue is solely a Bay Area one, and there are more mitigating factors here as well, it's just whatever cracks were there pre-2020 have gotten amplified since in many places. 

The one thing we have that some other countries don't have necessarily is a lot more guns. Which also doesn't help.
AR7e yOu M0ckINg mE@?!?
>IMO people don't have common sense and it's all about "me me me". Independence is awesome, but it seems like everyone wants to be better than everyone else here and has no respect for anyone else.

It's funny because the very thing you hate about here, you dislike the inverse in Japan- social pressure to conform & not rise above one's station- & it also bums you out.

One thing I am a firm believer in- there are cultures and places that are better intrinsic matches for us based on how we like to navigate the world, but also that any move will never fix issues that are more internal.

I am currently stuck in the South Bay for family issues, lived in LA for 20 years & now back here probably for at least another year, but planning on my exodus because I do have duel citizenship elsewhere.

I am trying to also use this time to learn how to feel positive about the things that I know I do like & love about CA, so that I don't take that frustration and irritation with me when I leave. I take a nature walk every day or at least walk around the neighborhood, and I make an effort to note the things that are pretty here. Once a month try to see the ocean. There is a lot you can find that's lovely, and I appreciate that even though it is no longer my place or thing, it is still an area that people from around the world would love to live in, so I must be able to find a few good things.. The weather is nice, I am grateful for the kind of produce that is reasonably local to CA, I focus on the friendly people I meet and try to ignore some of the ruder ones.

That's all the advice I've got. edit spelling
Offer to celebrate her birthday with her on another night or during a different part of the day and plan to do something special for her. If it's been 4 months and she wants to keep you out of this party for social reasons that will make it less stressful for her, that's her business. You not caring isn't the issue, it's what she wants.
I assume that means the price increase in value is capped, so not the best way to build starter home equity. Moreover, while I don't think most people need half the sq footage they have to raise a family, 2 bedrooms & 1 bath at 1000 square feet is only comfortably doable if you have one young small child that doesn't move around a lot & you don't have 2 WFH adults. 

Condos would be a better option here, but so many come with prohibitive HOAs and not much to show for the yearly costs.
>most of it I think is just to get a rise out of people and fight with people which he enjoys.  
>  
>my husband has bluntly said I don't care about that, it's boring. 

So, the issue isn't politics, it's that you married a man who is the living embodiment of a nihilistic online troll *who enjoys fighting with people.* 

There are ultimately a 1000 things people can discuss in this world, the social dynamics of meerkats, planetary solar systems, fashion, music, etc. Politics is often an undercurrent in most daily things but there are topics where they aren't omnipresent. 

The issue isn't you both have nothing to talk about it is that he is actively showing you he doesn't want to engage with you. 

I mean, I would have a "get it together & become a better partner" conversation with him or explain given you don't want to cohabitate with a phone-scrolling lump for the remainder of your days that you will be packing up.
It's a sort of old-timey mentality that can really be as innocent as wanting to be generous with nothing more implied.

Does he earn more than you? I know some people feel very put off taking from others that they know aren't as well off. If you are worried it's about him having feelings but he's never crossed a line in any other manner, then that's really on him to sort through.

I do know that if it was someone's birthday and I knew they were like this, I would have excused myself to go to the bathroom and instead snuck my credit card to the waitress to pay the bill. That's the most "too late I've treated you" way to do it with people like this rather than offer when the bill arrives, knowing they will refuse.

Edit seeing your comments regarding offering to pay. Don't insist or wait for the bill- again hand off your card and have it already taken care of. Just tell him when the paid bill comes for you to sign that you want to repay him. Balance can be important in a dynamic.
Clicked on Richmond one and any house for sale at 400K with no interior photos is a teardown, even in Richmond. It's also 800 sq feet.

\\edit and now looked at the one in Oakland- now I think you are being sarcastic. That doesn't need sweat equity it needs to be burned to the ground for carrying diseases.

The one on Manila Street is nice though.
& includes OP, that one pesky office mime who has to chat.
Maybe they are mimes who have to make their own bookings for mime events, so phone privileges are exempt from coming out of their invisible boxes of total silence?
Back in the day, I used to walk into the Fairmont like I was a guest and go straight to their lobby bathrooms. I think they are across from the Tea Room. Nice stalls, good marble countertops, 10 out of 10 toilet.
Well, mimes, for one.
Scorched Marketplace:  I assume it was at the very least a nod to [Kristallnacht](https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/americanexperience/features/holocaust-kristallnacht/) The night Germans and Austrians rampaged and destroyed thousands of Jewish businesses, & set fire to 100s of synagogues,
I briefly lived across from the bayou in New Orleans, and even in my short time there, someone drove themselves right in.
What Would Convince You That They Are Not Psychotic... WHAT?
Hire a moving company that will come, pack everything and move it for you. 

Make sure the company sends 4 guys. Even a totally unstable person isn't going to try and mess with 4 burly movers. 

You don't owe them an explanation or to try and be reasonable when they are not reasonable. Do plan that the day the movers come you may have to call the police again if they completely lose their shit, and let the moving company know that there is an unstable roommate in the house. 

It will be about 4 hours of torture then done.
I think it is more emotionally underdeveloped than that. More about them witnessing the positive changes in him as he matured and wanting him to stay at their "level" so they have their friend back.
They are crabs in a bucket. OP crawled out of that lifestyle, so they disregard his explicit instructions and who he clearly had become, and created a setup to drag him back into their bucket. I'm sure they used the excuse that they were "soooo drunk."
I looked at places over there in 2015 that were going for 500K that I thought were overpriced. That's a tripling in 8 years..
I agree. The barrier in the US is especially high for most visas, green cards or eventual citizenship. I think we also still have a lottery that's also a snowballs chance in hell. 

My point that maybe I didn't make clear is that there's no reason for OP to take that personally
I was in Southern Louisiana. I don't know the actual numbers?
The "nazis being nazis" is both 

1) true and problematic

2) happening with greater frequency in many counties. 

&#x200B;

>Also the whooole green card process like they dont want us there.

To be fair, most countries put up some barriers to immigration. The US is an extremely diverse place because of the history of immigration here, & even if a sub-section of our population doesn't like it, many are really happy on a day-to-day basis to have different cultures around. 

As for the rest of it, it's all very valid & part of my reason for my ex-patriating plan because I am getting older and therefore more tired, and it can take a lot to be here. It's also true that the US is so very vast and regional that you really will find almost different cultures in different parts. Not everything is like it is on tv. Although, outside of several metro areas, car culture is an inevitable. 

I'd refrain from reading too much online for a bit and wait to spend your time here and see for yourself. It may not be your forever place, but the absolute best time to try an adventure is right out of college.
>“it’s just a matter of courtesy”

Tell him he can start being the courteous one and text you when he needs home alone time to masturbate to porn, have an affair, or hide the bodies.
Not quite an answer to your question, but some people I know who sold a home in a HCOL to buy a nice piece of farmland to raise kids on are now in their 50s, and she's saying no way can she retire there. Too much physical labor needed to maintain in old old age, even if it isn't an active farm.
on a hike?
A proctologist named Ben Dover

A dog named Roll Dover

I forget the rest of them.
Chonky newish build at a ridiculous 3000 square feet.
It could be something to do with your location & brand association since I think the most Subaru sales are in southern California, Colorado, and the rural northeast. I lived in the south for several years and now that I think about it, I rarely saw any subaru drivers. Visited a friend in Vermont and it was definitely the most popular car on the road next to older trucks.

Every current car on the market seems to have associated issues, so I gave up trying to find one that would be the best "new build." Toyota and Honda were best known for reliability, but have also had issues in recent years.

Go test drive some outbacks under various road conditions and see how you feel driving it, that's your best indicator.
Reading solely for pleasure should be a thing we allow ourselves, without further condemnation. Hell, I am jealous. Still trying to get through a 300 pg sci-fi novel years after grad school burnout killed my ability to pleasure read. 

My theory about any reading for knowledge is that people should skim, skip and approach it with no rules for read #1, then if they really need retention and understanding go back in for read #2. So you are getting much practice in step one of my made up theory.

Also, I can think of 1000 worse for your attention span than skipping around as a reader. Like being on reddit, ha. If you really like any of those books you get the joy of rereading at a later date and discovering all the things you missed or forgot from the first read.
If there are stats, I stand corrected. I knew several my age (gen X) to younger (20s) voters who simply didn't vote after Sanders lost the nomination, rather than vote for Clinton & were very vocal about it, so perhaps I am mixing up my own semi-related anecdotal experience with the stats.
> he told me I'm ditching him because I think he has bad intentions and how I shouldn't think that.

So, yeah, you should absolutely presume he has bad intentions, is predatory and proceed by protecting yourself. Go back into work and behave as professionally as possible while being a firm, cold, no to any impropriety. While the hospitality industry is rife with inappropriate behavior in plenty of places, doesn't make it okay. If you are not in a country with human resources or any higher ups to share concerns with, yeah. Time to look around for other jobs, and play it cool at work. Try to find someone to go with you when you go home after your shift.

Not to be too scary, but if you really feel unsafe, ***trust your gut.*** A job is not worth stalking or assault from a nutjob.  You are allowed to quit for any reason.
I think based on the previous episode that it's been many nights of sleep deprivation, stress, coke to keep going on sleep deprivation, and also he's a shit human.

edit to add before someone comes at me I am firmly in the camp they are *all* shit humans to various degrees.
I bet it's charming & less to heat with the 8-foot ceilings because everything really is a trade-off!
fuck the system types met with a heavy dose of misogyny + "well, a trump presidency won't hurt me and maybe he'll tear it all down."

Weirdly the idea of getting better social safety nets in place probably would have happened with the woman who did try to start universal health care in the 90s. She later "pivoted" due to the backlash she received, but a lot of her comments on single payer were taken so far out of context by the left-left to demonize her.

So bring in trump who would burn it all down, then they'd rebuild? I'm not 100% sure the logic but the conspiracy on the left of voter suppression around why Bernie (who I DID originally vote for in the primaries) didn't get the nom would later be echoed by the MAGAs who still believe to this day that 2020 was rigged.

Horseshoe theory at play? Also, a lot of online propaganda that is better curated and then targeted a specific audience open to receive it now more than ever in our history.

edit to add it wasn't old white men as much as it was younger voting demographic.
*she* said, but, yes.
Oh my god, do better from here on out. Not just once a year, but do better *daily.*

There's no way in hell that she hasn't communicated over the prior 15 years for being disappointed that as the mother to two boys, she also has to do the work to plan her own celebration- ostensibly celebrating her for the work she does. Ffs.
Homes built after the 1940s are a bit better than earlier (although I LOVE US turn of the century up to 1920s) because by the 40s they give you real closets. My first home was a 1920s cottage (850 square feet) and it did drive even solo me up a wall. I had no place to put my (limited) stuff and would have killed for my friend's 1940s closets. 

I'm only making things worse. Given I sold and can't likely buy in my choice state (CA) been really considering taking the profits from the sale and buying in my other country (UK) cash no mortgage, and making The Great Schelp. Although for what I could purchase & everything I look at online, the Edwardians were even worse for zero closet space. Somehow the high ceilings make it okay/ will learn to live without stuff?
The Long Answer:

We have subsidized large farms for decades, so many small farms with varying crops and crop rotation were bought up by larger corporate farms which then found corn and soy the most profitable with government subsidies. A lot of soybeans get turned into oil (which is much different than the taste of olive oil) or bought by China, corn gets made into high fructose corn syrup which is then sold as a sweetener for everything. It hits differently than cane sugar. 

Most restaurants across the US buy up a lot of their bulk food from the same 3 chain food suppliers. I think Sysco or Tyson is the biggest. So, there is always a sameness to chicken in every restaurant, unless you are fine dining. Many smaller fine dining establishments in places like California, Oregon, Vermont, Maine etc. will try to buy from local farming, and in CA especially you have more access to local produce. But for a lot of states they are reliant on import only. 

Short Answer: we let corporations and big ag fuck up our food supplies. Micheal Pollen wrote about this a lot in the 2000s
So, depression, unsupportive family life + likely some trauma there, & untreated ADHD is a big ugly cosmic soup to be swimming in. The great news is that you have a grasp of what is really going on in your brain, even if those who are *meant* to support you most have chosen ignorance. 

If you are in the US please speak with the office of students with disabilities and find out what accommodations you are eligible for and also what kind of community support systems may be available at your college. Ask your school therapist if they can refer you to any community therapy clinics that do low cost/free counseling for a weekly session: even if the school therapist is great you may need more support. Find out about any tutoring centers on campus or other networks. You may hate school right now but between the fire and the fryingpan, (home or school) it's your best chance at getting some real support. 

As for your family, get used to learning how to protect yourself around them and make the slow painful journey to eventually being less enmeshed. Don't look for the kind of parental understanding you long for there, but start to find that feeling elsewhere, whatever that looks like to you. Anytime you go to them hoping it will be different and you can somehow prove you have a neurobehavioral condition, you will only set yourself back. Being your best advocate means learning where it's worth advocating for yourself.
I have eaten pastries and baguettes in London and Paris, and while they are both very good, they are not the same. It's the same with things like chocolate- British chocolate is better than US chocolate, even when it is the same brand. Congratulations, you have a gourmand child. 

And, yes, OP's husband is up to totally suspicious behavior.
Look, I love stuff, and I come from a family that bordered on a hoarder's love of stuff, but most of that square footage over 1500-1700 for a family of 4 is only necessary because Americans Love Stuff. You can easily have 3 bedrooms + a masters suite in 1700 square feet and live like kings & queens, imo.
Proud & pure + all the immigration & welfare queen stuff was a step beyond dog whistling. They did a good job of writing that speech but, oy, too close to home. 

I'll admit the character of Roman was always reprehensible to me for the amount of stuff he did that seemed like an online incel troll come to life. But, I still had some empathy for him based on how he was the kid who was clearly the most physically abused & degraded of the 3, and the character had these occasionally sympathetic moments. Then last night's episode I felt kinda sick at having thought that for an ideologically vapid nazi. Good writing, again.
FYI I believe the Golden Visa with purchase of property ended for Porto. I think Portugal is investment path to a golden visa only now. I would look up the various visas you may qualify for. 

I'd figure out a way to visit first, too. Regardless of what your godmother says, nothing beats standing in a place to actually see yourself living there.
I got one from a landlord whom I had rented for 5 years & had a good relationship with. They wrote something similar but also added "was a good communicator & always worked with us to schedule any repairs." Make OP sound like a better-than-average tenant (if they were).
It's not a bad idea to ask. You don't need one. It's in no way required because a new place will run a credit check & call you previous landlord. But, if you are looking to move to a competitive rental market, having a letter that states you are a good tenant to add to your application certainly can't hurt.
UK. Trains that actually take you around the country, ferries to other nearby countries, high walkability everywhere. The Brits love their walking paths, and I love walking everywhere. 

Unfortunately, the weather is going to suck.
>this is growing pains

Eh, the "growing pains phase" has been going on since the US became a country & for any historical progress there is always a major blowback. 

But, I agree that for homogeneous countries to judge the US as more racist is disingenuous given we have every community from around the world living here. When people do immigrate here there is also frequently a much faster level of integration within one generation and a path to maintaining & practicing heritage. Other countries with immigrant communities can end up isolating them.
I hope you haven't already sent your drivers license or social security/ credit info.? edit- if so, you may want to check your credit and do a freeze. That is a sure scam. 

No lease signed means you hand over no money, ever. Also, CA has no "state housing department"--> we have a Department of Housing and Community Development that is specifically for getting housing for homeless people. You can always check [CA.gov](https://CA.gov) to look at any actual departments that exist.
Relocate or cut the size down & plan for a starter home before the 2,000 square ft home? Even if you had your first child next year, you won't need that kind of space for several from then.
Honestly think it is the same for all the university healthcare systems, Stanford, USC Keck, UCSF- general practitioners who need to build up their skills start out at them after they've finished up residency, then move on to where they can build their own practice. On the other hand, as someone else pointed out, a lot of specialists stay.
Look, he's a barnacle, not a friend. Friends don't make other friends miss classes or dump suicidal ideation on a love interest as a way to trap them into caretaking. It is NOT your job to be a mental health counselor to him, you are NOT responsible for his inappropriate behaviors or reactions. Because here's the thing: you were never going to fix or help him, he just wants you in his orbit. If he can't have you romantically, then he'll Eeyore his way into you keeping him around because you feel sorry for him.

Being a good friend is a two-way street.

*I can no longer support you. You need mental health support from a trained professional which you can find at the university health center. If you are feeling suicidal please call 988. For the sake of my grades this semester and my own mental health, I need a break. Please leave me alone.*

Seriously. It seems cruel, but his low self-esteem is for him to fix, not you. Meanwhile, start looking at your own behaviors. College is always an okay time to learn about our personal behaviors that don't help us in life. People pleasing, caretaking, trying to fix people, and over-enmeshment can lead you into dynamics like this- which you do have a part in. You are allowed to tell people no, and not dive in right when you meet someone to try and fix them.
YTA. 

Cat etiquette  

Step 1). do not make direct eye contact. Either the human blinks or looks off to the side. If cat does not respond in a similar fashion, you are not approved and should abort the mission to pet. If cat DOES respond in a similar fashion (blinks back or looks off to side), move on to step 2.

Step 2). Hold out hand palm down. Allow several inches of distance between your hand and cat's face and move slowly introduce to yourself- don't just wave your hand in cat's face while screaming KITTY, that is rude and susceptible to a swipe or scratching. If cat ignores hand and looks away, abort mission to pet. If cat leans in to sniff and then do a chin rub, move on to step 3. 

Step 3): You've arrived! You may pet the cat! *Please go in the direction of the fur, stay in the safety zones (under chin and back of cat, never too much in the area above tail unless invited. Stomach rubs are at the sole discretion of the cat.*
>“I’m sorry, I need to stop talking, I ruin everything.”

Yeah, it's manipulative. You fucked you so you apologized, that's great! Taking ownership for messing up and apologizing is a good thing. Then in the next breath, you went straight to putting yourself down which undercuts the apology. It's fishing for the other person to comfort you. 

A good formula is: apologize, acknowledge the person's hurt feelings, then offer a solution. *I am sorry for doing \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. I hear that it upsets you and I will work on not doing that* anymore.
>Her family has 2 dogs that dont get attention nor have they been on a walk in the last who knows how many years.

I'll never understand this. Unless you live on a farm and have a working dog, why have a pet you are going to dump in a yard & ignore? That's neglect, and animal neglect is abuse. She comes from a family of people who treat animals like crap. 

I don't know, I couldn't love anyone who got angry over properly caring for and petting a dog, ffs.
>after which he snaps crutches out of my hands so I was standing on one leg. I slapped him and he grabbed me by the neck and arms.

Do not kid yourself that this can't escalate. Beyond everything you wrote, neglect, and psychological abuse, someone ripping the crutches away from a person who just had knee surgery is a sadist.
[Furnished Finder is geared towards nurses](https://www.furnishedfinder.com/?gclid=CjwKCAjw6vyiBhB_EiwAQJRoptdEXKcwfedc-TbfJSJyBEykfPcDvkhyg_Uao18qH8zkzk6XMu3OkBoCFMUQAvD_BwE)
To the US, likely, though other countries may have a different answer. Hospitality visas here are only for managerial-level positions and require a college degree. 

One thing to look at is nannying or Au Pair visa- if you got some experience first. You would need to work with an agency or get a family to sponsor you. There is some bias in favor of women in childcare, but a male nanny is not unheard of.
>is it possible to simply rock up to a country and figure it out as you go

Illegally, yes. Most illegal immigration is someone overstaying a tourist visa & simply trying to "disappear" from any immigration authority. Rather stressful though without a support infrastructure in your chosen place to assist with housing and work, and still stressful even then. In the US alone there are estimated 50,000 Irish citizens living and working illegally, but there are multi-generational Irish communities within several cities here.
>I've never heard anything bad about Ikea meatballs

A few years ago they were recalled because of containing horse meat.
Give it 3-5 days when the ingrown hairs start forming a nice smattering of cysts & you need to ask your wife to pop them so you can sit down.
>he answered he’d try to understand why I’m angry

I call bullshit on this and the apology. If it were a sincere apology he'd simply agree he fucked up, and if you had done the same to him it would make him upset. Because it would upset any normal person to be shoved, pushed, or elbowed by a partner regardless of whether that person was in a foul mood.
You say "I have a cat"- do you share the cat or is it solely yours?

Solely yours then I suppose you may go ahead and exploit for the likes any way you please.

Shared ownership then I think you both should have discussed things like "dressing up pet for likes" prior, and had an understanding. 

Do I think it is animal cruelty? No, not really. I do think most dogs love the attention and cats are really something like 30/70 on being okay being dressed up or putting things on them. If it was acting stressed during or ran and hid after then you are an arse, but for your behavior towards the cat not the fight with the gf.
Put the issue with your girlfriend in a little box for right now, put the lid on it and keep it closed. Focus on your mom and your grief and saying a proper goodbye to her. You will regret it if you let the gf's bomb dropping. take from these last moments with your mom.

You can deal with the reality of the end of the relationship down the road when you are ready. Sorry for all you are going through.
*Hello, given we are coworkers I hope I can expect a given level of professionalism in your correspondence in the future so that I do not need to contact HR.*  

Or, just go straight to HR & report it. 

Don't brush it away because the POS will think it is acceptable to bully coworkers and he deserves to know he's crap. 

FYI this is all personal opinion, but when I think of "masculine" looking women or "handsome" women- I think of Mariska Hagarity and Connie Britton who have larger features than conventional pretty standards, and they are both stunners imo. Don't let these fools tear down your self-esteem.
I got headhunted for an academic teaching position in Qatar several years ago that also looked financially quite good on paper. I think they look for people on linked in who graduated from certain respected US universities/ job backgrounds.

 As a woman I did not pursue it- even the pictures online of the university that was reaching out to me showed only men as students in the photos. I am also Jewish (though not apparent by my name) so that felt like a double mark against me. 

Politically I believe the US is moving towards a bifurcated (two different realities) and very contentious place that it won't be coming back from in the next decade. Gun violence will also not be resolved in any collective way. As with everything, problems living in the US are location-specific. 

Qatar may be more politically "stable" only because it is a semi-monarchy, I believe, but in terms of human rights, freedom of speech, women's rights, etc., I could never qualify it as better than the US. Your mileage may vary as someone in an academic role, but I'd still watch what you say.
> I feel guilty because our invites are out and people who’d be traveling out of state for this have already booked flights and hotels.

Not a good reason to marry. 

> I also have put a lot of money down on deposits.

Divorce after a few years is more costly than your deposits.

I am not saying break up for this incident. But, I am saying you will need to have a lot of discussions once he is sober over what has happened, and if you have any doubts about how you feel over the next few weeks, then putting a wedding on hold to sort those doubts is always smarter than getting married because of out of town guests and deposits.
I know this is a funny cute story and no one (besides glasses) got hurt, but your bf should have warned you of potential issues, and also done at least a few trial walks where he hung way back and watched how well the dog responded to your cues. 

You are so lucky you didn't tear a rotator cuff or break a bone.
How would you like it if you were pooping on your neighbor's roof and someone snapped a pic of you?
Super dangerous paranoid accusation, however, you are responding like there's a rational solution to a delusional fear. There isn't.

Suggestion: it comes up again simply reply: We have not photographed you at any time. Let us contact the authorities now and speak to them.

Brief simple concise. I would for now try to open a police report, although maybe others can chime in if that's wise. She likely does need a check from CPS for the kid's safety, but may escalate after that.
Fair enough, I haven't worked in the restaurant industry in probably 2 decades, so that may no longer be a thing.
The funny thing is in the 80s no one knew or cared where their children were. Then, one generation later, helicopter parenting became normalized. 

See, these public service announcements *work\**

&#x200B;

\*(except for the 80s anti-drug advertisements that just made kids want to do more drugs)
Take a break from the dynamic and let him know you and your wife would really appreciate some privacy at this time and you will reach back out when you are ready. 

That's a good "leave us alone" without a door slam. If he doesn't respect your wishes, then you know he's a full-on twat to be blocked. If he does you have plenty of time to mull over if you want to continue the friendship to any degree.

While he was inappropriate and had no right to psychoanalyze your wife like he's some authority regardless of an unused degree, what also sticks out to me is that the entire tenor of the dinner began with a weird reveal about their private lives. 

I know we are all meant to be more honest about mental health, but I have a very firm boundary now around people who disclose a lot when the relationship may be an old one but is not a current close intimate friendship. In my lived experience these are people looking to trauma bond, which is what happened with your wife. 

I understand the resentment you feel towards him (valid) because it endangered your wife and the child she's carrying. I'd refocus as much on keeping her feeling healthy, try to not dwell on the friend, and put him out of your mind. Your wife may want to later think about what should be the parameters for her disclosing her bipolar I diagnosis with people. It's fine for her to share with those she feels safe with, but also set a boundary that it isn't conversation for things like a dinner party with old friends.
Ignoring the hand jobs aspect here-- 

I assume 'can you get a job without a work visa' is your real question? Most restaurant work pays in cash tips, but you will still need to get a work visa for hire. Otherwise, day laborers (completely under the table- but no hand jobs) are really what a lot of undocumented workers do, but it is often difficult manual labor with no work protections, and I wouldn't plan on that for a summer vacay.
Since the owner said they also had ADHD, you could take a risk and reach back out to them --Ask if they wouldn't mind being really specific with what they felt was wrong. Tell them as it was your first job you'd like the opportunity to learn from the experience so you don't carry the behavior over into the next job, and that you really did enjoy your time there.

I know that when I am trying to do several tasks at once or keep one task straight I can *sound* mean or short with people if they interrupt my flow. I'm really not irritated by them, I'm just trying to follow the order of things in my head and concentrate. 

Also, just know that good bosses or managers actually will take the time to train you, and to give you feedback or tell you at the end of the day if something went wrong instead of letting it pile up and then fire you after a couple of weeks. Interviewing and hiring people takes a lot of work, so it is better for them to try and work with a new hire. If these guys didn't bother to do that, they are probably stressed and not running the greatest shop to begin with.
Black Mirrory looking set up.
Nah, if you want to have your windows open or enjoy your tiny yard, you will still hear neighbors fighting & kids screaming in those places. That close together is almost as bad as shared walls.
How many homes sold last year were investor/ vacation rentals? Pine Mountain is a lot like Idyllwild- one of those places where a lot of people have a second home from LA that they use for vacations versus all-year residents.
Get yourself to the office of students with disabilities and make sure you are receiving every accommodation you qualify for. They don't help if you don't use them! Sometimes (not always) OSD is run by very helpful people who have a pretty good idea of what professors "believe" in ADHD and will follow accommodations, and what professors aren't great to work with- they can even possibly help you choose your best classes. 

Consider an ADHD coach (qualified ones can be found online) if things get too hard to stay on top of. Take advantage of the free college tutors on campus (usually available in maths and English). Even if you just make appointments once a week when you are doing well in a course, but you do homework with them for a standing weekly appointment. It helps for accountability & really helps at the end of the semester when everything is nuts to have that relationship already established. 

I did graduate from a very hard university with unmedicated ADHD, but I failed the first few go-arounds. The biggest difference the last time around was that I advocated for myself, got ahead of accommodations at the start of the semester (not weeks after things were already going downhill), and took advantage of every support system (professors' office hours, tutoring, librarians) the university offered.
>Many people here would scoff at paying more for a Jeep Grand Cherokee than a fully loaded Lexus SUV.

I was car shopping a few months ago. People have been paying add-on fees in the $1000s (something like %5000-$7000 above MSRP) just to get a new Toyota Rav4 or Honda CR-V electric. Both dealerships calmly explained the fees, and they were getting them. (Edit- to add I did go with a friend to Lexus, their fees were something like $2000 extra + wait list)

I believe it is unsustainable too, but my point is people will buy overpriced crap if it is all they can get. People in your situation will no longer sell even if you wanted to move up, making scarcity worse. Crazy market = people go crazy. 

I'm one of the people who sold at what I thought was the height and now pretty much can't get back in without compromising a great deal.
hey, thanks!
>He says it’s similar to the fact that he owns a gun, he would only use it for self protection.

That's great, it makes him feel safe. But the issue is when someone goes from security-minded to paranoid, & perceives a non-threat as a threat that makes them trigger-happy. 

From your comments below you are both already in marriage counseling. I think it is time to ask him to attend solo therapy as well. It can't be okay going through life always believing in worse-case scenarios, and it is no way to raise a kid together. He's insecure in a survival-mode kind of thinking that he needs to get to the bottom of on his own.

You may also bring up in therapy what making a post-nuptial would look like. Ie make a legal contract for what you would both agree to in a divorce. It sounds counter-intuitive, but if you are both actively discussing how you would theoretically dissolve the marriage without hurting each other, it might help the marriage. 

You absolutely have your rights to how you feel about this. The question is if you feel you need to defend yourself in this situation or can extend empathy- while also looking out for yourself and your kid
I really want to know if anyone has discovered any therapies that have worked as an adult for misophonia/ hyperacusis?? There is some CBT program that's meant to help, but I haven't had the faith or hope to start it. 

During the pandemic my formerly quiet street became the main cut-through road everyone starting speeding all day and night down. 

3 years later and now the sound of car engines and low bass beats HURTS physically- lifelong misophonia turned into severe hyperacusis. And, given this is a car culture country, car sounds hurting is... not great. Not great at all. I still don't want to sink thousands of dollars to a specialist to get no results.
Healthcare in Italy is provided to anyone regardless of nationality. While it might not be free, it would be extremely affordable there to go to the doctor. Look for a clinic near you and go see a doctor.  For one thing, if it is covid or even flu you really shouldn't be pushing yourself to travel until your fever has broken, and you *really* shouldn't be on public transit while contagious.
Move to the US for any number of reasons, but moving here to *save* money right now is.. an odd choice. 

Forgetting the cost of such a large schlep, childcare, car and transit expenses (in *most* US cities with kids & both you working you'll need two cars) & medical (even with health insurance expect a level of out-of-pocket expenses, and that's minus a major emergency), the areas where you would get a $130K salary & live near the coast are going to have a very high cost for 3 bedroom rentals. 

I know it feels like doubling your salary is the payoff, but the costs here likely might offset that. If the move was for other reasons, then go for it.
>I really do hate how difficult it is to detach from your parents

Yeah, it can be a lifelong process. Therapy is the best starting place, if it's a good match therapist for you. 

There's sometimes a manageable middle road you can make that is in between being super caught up in their narrative/worldview versus going no-contact. Lots of good wishes to you.
So, your mom would rather you be a defective person than cope with the idea that she was a defective parent who didn't get you help and a diagnosis at a younger age when it could have really helped.

Your best bet is to limit how much you share with them. Stop thinking there's a magical moment where they see you for who you are and support you in this. Don't share the little things like washing dishes, it will be received with disbelief. Take it to a place with real support- you can find that support in any other stable place, therapy, disabilities services at uni, etc. and don't seek comfort or normal parental support. Give yourself as much distance as you can for now. It's a tough one, but as you learn to advocate for yourself you will need their acceptance less.
Until she gets her untreated bipolar under control (if that is what she has) the dog is screwed. 

In the name of a long-term friendship, I'd offer to meet her in public, sans all dogs, and tell her your concerns for her mental health, and that she needs help. 

There's a form of bipolar- bipolar II- that isn't as severe as type I. Problem is they can function they just cycle faster and not as dramatic as bipolar I, so there's more of a chance they scrape by without having to get treatment while still having a lot of life-damage. 

 She may take it worse than the dog being banned, and nothing comes of it. But it's honestly a last-ditch attempt if not to salvage the friendship but, hell, at least to save her dog from an owner who isn't well. Your friendship is at a breaking point and being totally upfront about this is one thing is something you could do to help her. Not to get further enmeshed, but to encourage her to get a therapist and an actual diagnosis from a doctor. 

As for the rest of it, you are well within your rights to tell her she can't bring the dog to your house.
That's all fantastic until a wall falls or a poop tank explodes.
Are you... the aunt in question?

Caretaking is no easy task & often unfairly falls to one person in a family. Regardless, limiting the elderly adult's contact with other family members and isolating them is abuse.
I know this may sound outlandish, but have you tried telling them to please call first?
no help, but I assume [you also love getting caught in the rain](https://youtu.be/TazHNpt6OTo)
This is one of those rare bad situations where I would disclose ADHD to Human Resources, if you actually have not already, because by law you are a little more protected from an unfair firing. (edit if in the US under the Disabilities Act)

I would then be sure to document it all. So I'd back document the HR/Supervisor convo and at least summarize what was said & I would backdate and summarize the directory's secretary, and I would absolutely mention the Duning Kruger effect comment. It is very insulting because it means overestimating one's abilities because you are not smart enough to be aware of your limitations. These people are being catty.

Further, note any of the times you have asked for feedback & received none.

I know you probably don't want to sue, but if things don't change for you after disclosing you have ADHD and repeating again for better feedback, even if it isn't as dramatic as a lawsuit, you certainly may be able to protect yourself during any firing that may be coming after the busy season.

OP I will say this has little to do with your work and more to do with very poor management. For a supervisor to discuss an employee right next to them, refuse to offer feedback, and the general description of the office, they really are the ones bad at their jobs.

Even if a hire isn't skilled when hired, a good workplace would put effort into training and mentorship to get them up to par, not sit around having bitch sessions in a cubicle.
I'd stick with off whites & creams that are very light and organic looking- like natural white untreated fabrics. The white you have there is very cool white, I wouldn't go that way. If you want splashes of color like pillows and a throw, add in ochre and earthy greens. There was an ikea curtain some time ago that was white with yellow and green botanical images on it which could be fun but may be discontinued. My theory for wood paneling is not to make it feel like oppressive dark cabin but try to bring in some warm spring. 

Too much base color introduced (colored curtains, colored duvet) could be fun but with old wood paneling could also really overdo the room.
So, I personally don't see anything wrong with being married and living unconventionally in separate arrangements. I've known one long term relationships without the marriage- we are talking decades- who both lived on two sides of one duplex quite happily. 

Financially though it works when you come into the relationship each with your own property, and simply continue that way without merging those assets, or you do something like purchase a duplex.   

You have a very low-interest rate and it doesn't really make sense to sell your current property and it is a lousy time to buy. If you could turn your current home more into a duplex or place with a separate entrance/ kitchen/bath apartment that may be one solution. 

Otherwise, it's obviously not a good financial stretch, but if it means you get to both stay happy in your marriage, then the cost may be worth that. If it means you are currently in a strained marriage and this is a last-ditch effort to save it, maybe the costs aren't worth it. Have either one of you tried living separately for a month or two to see what it does to your marriage- if it helps or makes things more strained?

I'd definitely knock out a prenup first, make sure that if the marriage dissolves there will be an understanding of who owns what.
So, keep it as professional as possible with her, but also build yourself a little invisible shield when you do interact with her. I mean completely imaginary, in your mind, you have a shield around you.

Does she hate you? No, probably not. Is it possible she is biased against you? Yeah, it totally happens. Toxic co-workers are a thing.

Your absolute best bet is to stop caring about winning her over, being friendly with her, or really worrying too much about her, otherwise, she is an energy suck in your daily life. Do not seek her approval or people please because it isn't coming. Do what she does, keep everything short, super polite, but to the point. Cut down "good morning, how are you today?" to "Good morning" with no extra questions or engagement. She cuts in and takes over? Let her speak and try to reengage your point after they are done.

The more you are trying to find an in with her, the more she will reject you. I can't explain it, but people like this only deescalate when you stop having this inner desire for their approval. It's very hard to get to that place internally where you don't care, but the faster you do the better it will be for you.
Honestly wouldn't trust an inspection paid for by the seller, though. I'd assume even with certified- they'd be looking for the easiest going inspector. I paid for an inspection when I bought that was detailed. When I went to sell, we went with "as-is" and disclose everything, so we paid another inspector to do a report to give sellers. I was shocked that they were much less detailed than the original report. 

Anyway, don't budge on your refusal to waive inspections. It is the one contingency that I hate buyers have folded on. It does make everything worse to go into a big-ticket purchase blind like that.
Sky and the building feel empty. I'd do a little bit of soft detailing- no need to fill all blank space but some clouds or sky the way you've done plants or some brick or texture for the building. 

But, honestly, very charming and delightful scene!

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Gerri has helped cover up, was general counsel and enabler to Logan Roy, and pretty much helped float the Waystar Empire which is toxic from the top down. Don't get me wrong, I love her, but she's not exactly a *good* person.
Southern California (LA/SB/SD) = best tacos

Northern California (San Jose or SF) = best large burrito size of small baby

I will die on this hill. You won't find the best in the East Bay, go to the Mission in SF to Taquería El Farolito and order a burrito.
Adorable!
I think there are no dumb questions, so here's my answer. 

As far as abortion rights and the overturning of Roe v Wade: plenty of western countries have or had restrictions on abortion for decades now. It wasn't legal in places like Ireland until 2018. Sucks for women, but that's a general way of plenty of parts of the world. 

Gay rights are also pretty horrific in plenty of parts of the world. There are regions where being caught in a same-sex relationship will result in jail or death. 

So, while I would absolutely say the US is backsliding, we still are not on par with some of the worst dictatorships or even semi-democracies. Just last year far-right wins in Italy and Sweden happened, with many of the same issues are coming up- Italy is trying to diminish parental rights of same sex marriages. 

Refugee status is really left for people suffering from genocide or political persecution to the point that their lives are threatened for who they are in their home country. People fleeing Afghanistan under the Taliban wouldn't be viewed the same as someone dealing with increasingly oppressive laws or rolling back of their rights here in the US. The good thing about the US is there are states where rights are protected- and making a move between states, while costly, isn't impossible. 

As for the shootings. I got nothing. We've become ridiculous on that front. But, if you look at the number of deaths from mass shootings per year per capita (how many people live in the US) it is still nowhere near gun deaths like El Salvador, Venezuela, or other places south of here. That being said, we have way more gun deaths (not just mass shootings but overall gun deaths per year per 100,000 citizens) than in Europe, Australia, Africa or the Middle East. In the coming decades if we stay on this trajectory, who knows. We still won't be eligible for refugee status, but it will be a sad state of affairs.
Can anyone explain why Logan Roy had a clear Scottish accent and Ewan Roy has a *very* distinct born-n-raised American accent? It throws me off every time.
She doesn't want to get married, but she wants you to do the breaking up. The way she's going about this is a particular brand of fucked up that you do not need in your life, so do it. Break it off.
>to provide a best and final offer.

Don't do this. While it is done, I have no idea the legality of it, it's also just.. messed up to ask for a bidding war on a rental. They aren't bidding to buy a home. 

Take down the ad, repost at the proper rent, and reach out to those that you've offered a tour to and explain the ad had the incorrect rent in it. Tell them if they are still interested you will provide the tour.
\#3 can't you just use a VPN and watch English tv and streaming? You can't go to the cinema, but you still can access almost everything you'd want to watch online.
French food- tasty but sadistic.
Start looking for a new place. But also stop being a doormat to a ridiculous request in house share situation and give her a boundary. 

*Hey! I pay rent so I can come and go as I need to for my daily life, and I can't accommodate you using your the home as a rehearsal space or updating you to my whereabouts every week. If that was something you needed, it should have been clearly stated at the time I signed the lease so I could decide then. I'm happy to stick to my room for a brief period if I happen to be here while you rehearse, but I can no longer give you updates on my schedule.* 

She's being ridiculous and also she's not an actress, it's probably porn. If she actually was an actress then she should learn to appreciate having an audience.
He was her emotional doormat. Up until the Great Betrayal, he would always act as her emotional fluffer during her schemes, even when he was hankering to get in a little on the power and watched her, instead, push him out. 

It's the dynamics of a dysfunctional relationship- everyone has a role to play that keeps the power balance (in this case, Shiv stepping all over Tom's aspirations and constantly making sure he knew his place was beneath her). Once he did something in his own self-interest, side with Logan, he tossed their dynamic out the window. Can't come back from that. 

I don't know why people root for this marriage. It's just kinda sad from all angles. Also, Tom is a morally ambiguous abuser a-hole in his own right, but it is a credit to the writers that he still comes across as worthy of being sympathetic for him, at times.
Here's the thing, she has been blowing up her life and cheating since you first knew her. You probably feel a little culpable because you've always supported her. While you are not responsible for her actions, you have been an enabler of sorts. 

It's okay to break off any relationship, but I think ghosting should really be saved for people who are so toxic the dynamic could become abusive if you were to tell them. The nicest thing to do with a long-term friendship that's gone belly up is to remove yourself but leave a door open for the chance that the person does grow or change. 

*I really have great memories of our friendship over the years. I'd like to step back from it for a while now, however, because I really cannot support you through your cheating. It bothers me a great deal, and it is part of a larger pattern I can't ignore. If, down the road, you get professional help and resolve this behavior, please reach out to me.*
>it’s not like the label would make a difference in our relationship.

Only it would make a difference. You would know if you two were exclusive, if he's seeing other people right now, or if you are on the same page at all, instead of trying to glean what's happening based on texts.

Just wait until you get back then explain you'd like to date exclusively and he's either on board or he's not. 5 months is plenty of time to know that by.
The worst thing about California is we have direct democracy through propositions no one understands due to wording and large $$$ blocks can advertise for or against further confusing people. 

Renters voted against their own interests in the last election. I forget which proposition it was, but it offered better protections for renters. I think it may have covered SHFs which aren't currently under the same rent raise laws as apartments. Who advertised against it? Real Estate corps. 

  
I was a homeowner at the time and even I voted for it. When I spoke with renter friends they had misunderstood the prop and voted against it.
You've been together since you were both 16. Do you know if this is the person you want to marry and have kids with, or is this the only guy you've ever dated and that's a hard thing to think about letting go of?

You are both really young still. Instead of taking his varying plans- travel then one kid by 30, or whatever he's coming up with- what do you want your adulthood to look like? Career, marriage and how many kids and when? Think about it for awhile and sit with it. If it feels very strongly to you that there is a path you want, then you can see if he's the one who wants to be on it with you.
Try one more time with clarity to explain the problem and give a tangible solution

*Hey you know you are one of my favorite people. But we are really different people- I am an introvert and I absolutely need some alone time when I am home. It's not personal, but it is the only way I can recharge. So, here's what I am going to do: when I am having me time and you are engaging, I am going to tell you "I'm not available right now" (or think of a simple sentence that communicates not available). That means I won't be engaging or responding to anything said after that point. When I am recharged & available again to chat I will let you know.* 

As far as him joining if you have a friend over, I think you have to suck that one up. If you are going to hang out in communal spaces in a shared living arrangement you can't exactly expect a housemate to stay out of those spaces.
Fixer-upper can mean a lot of things. From a total tear down to a house with decent infrastructure (plumbing, electrical, roof, foundation) in older but working condition, with older appliances nearing the end of their shelf life and a dated interior is one thing. Even with a good inspection, expect to have unexpected issues, but under those conditions you can move in and slowly chip away at repairs: replace a water heater or furnace, paint or fix lighting fixtures and flooring, new kitchen appliances, etc. While living in the dated decor (older kitchen/bathroom) until such time you can do full renovations. 

But! You better love the location and want to be in that area for some time. And plan for the absolute time suck of what repairs mean. Also, second but! The chances of a dated interior but solid infrastructure are really difficult unicorn to find. Here's why- usually those are the homes that elderly people who are downsizing sell. That means in the last ten years they probably let a lot of things go. 

My first home was sort of in that scenario. While I made \*decent\* progress on its known issues in the 5 years there & focussed on making the interior really lovely, there was still a laundry list of issues that it needed. The only reason I benefitted was the ridiculous nature of my local market in '21 when I went to sell. While my realtor and I decided to make it pretty, we would sell as is and disclose EVERYTHING. I did well on it only because it was a stupid competitive market. I definitely feel like I unburdened myself of a total money pit lemon that had surface charm, but after 5 years I was fed up with living in something that needed band aids and fixes at every turn..
>In SE England its closer to 1 in 3.

Is this true of areas like Folkstone? I read that part of Kent gets more sun.
I love it! Glanced at it quickly while scrolling and immediately knew what it was. Really magical feel to it.
If you say yes all you are signing up to do is a). make your workplace eventually a miserable place to be; b). get yourself hurt. 

When people tell you what they want/ who they are believe them. There's no magical future where they suddenly change to be the fantasy version of themselves that you've created in your mind.
I wouldn't let someone act like being "easily amused by monuments" is a fault & get away with that. What a bore of person.
I have IBS and caveat, even chelated magnesium hits hard during an, uh, episode. Best I've found for me is long epsom salts baths with a huge amount of epsom salts. It does absorb through the skin (there's also a magnesium cream but its texture is terrible). Still hits pretty hard the next day, but not as bad as drinking magnesium powder or taking the pills.
That sucks. I called a few times over the years plus used 311 for certain issues and never had any problems getting through. I guess it has also lost dispatchers.
There is a non-emergency line for the police, and if people are that ill-informed that they don't know to use the non-emergency line for non-emergencies then we need better civic education to cover the basics.
>WIBTA if I asked her if she was okay 

Yes, that's a fine thing to do, if you are actually ready to listen to her or want to get involved

>and told her to take a chill pill and to just move on from the failure?

Yes, because anyone going through any kind of life crisis always gets much better after being told to suck it up. I'm being sarcastic, obviously, but don't say that to her.

If you want to engage you can ask her if she's okay- she may or may not respond- but that's only if you want to engage not to tell her to get over it.

 You are well within your roommate rights to tell her the yelling on the phone can be heard in your room and it's really getting to you.
If you look on Psychology Today's 'find a therapist' tool and filter for sliding scale- that's a start. Otherwise there are several low-cost/ sliding-scale clinics in SF, listed [here](https://myusf.usfca.edu/dean-of-students/ocrs/sliding) You may need to show proof of income.

How to be open/ not worrying about judging?

It's good to make sure you feel comfortable with the therapist. Ideally, this would mean being able to interview them, even a 15-minute phone call to start (often offered gratis), but if you are looking at sliding scale or going to a clinic you usually don't get that option. You will tell someone at intake what your concerns are in a general sense and they should put you with someone they think will be a good fit. If you don't like the clinician you can ask to be placed with someone else, but it's worth giving them a try. I will say I had one of my best therapists from a low-cost clinic years ago who helped me a lot.

Good luck.
I mean it's a transferrable skill to set building for film & studio photography, so you could maybe expand your job search.
well it is just delightful whimsy, I love it.
I'm of the school of thought when you have an interaction with a nutter who has no boundaries your best option is to put as much space between you and the nutter as you can. It sounds like there are already plenty of public reviews online describing her behavior, so adding to those won't do much. The BBB is unlikely to take any action since they are more about protecting people from being fleeced for money. It's okay to just walk away from this. 

Talk to your employment about not letting people who call outside of family have your info. It sucks that we live in the times we do, but probably best not to wear a shirt advertising your work or give out too many private details to strangers until you build a certain amount of trust. Dust yourself off and know that 9 times out of 10 most interactions you will have in a shop will be pleasant, & this was that one off 10th time.
I went once about 10+ years ago. There was a solo-elephant exhibiting stress behaviors (rocking itself not stop) because elephants are NOT meant to be single creatures. A single Koala sat in a tree and every time you stood near it's cage it would turn so it's back was to you and also had that depressed look to it. 

The whole place kinda broke my heart, and I never went back. It has a deeply depressing vibe there that I think they tried to put some $$$ into awhile back to make the park look more festive, but sounds like that didn't work. My guess is that San Diego zoo is so much more famous that it draws bigger crowds more $$. The LA zoo should really be closed and remaining animals sold to better institutions. 

All that being said the nearby Gene Autry is a great little museum.
> I think the public beating this girl took sent a message and this girl would not have continued bullying her.

Maybe, maybe not. Some turds refuse to be flushed in this life. If the girl got up in your sister's face just a few days ago then there is no reason for your sister to apologize at this time, the original bully still has learned zero lessons. 

Is your sister becoming a mean girl? Maybe. Or she may be learning the horrible lessons of high school- show no weakness. Either way, I think your focus on empathy for the original bully is a bit off. 

If you have a good relationship with your sister (older or younger- can't tell from this post) I'd start by talking with her and asking her how she feels about becoming the person she once loathed. I would not suggest apologizing because that just gives bullies more power- even beaten down ones, but discuss with her ways to neutralize the situation. Neutralizing means she agrees to start ignoring the other girl, not go out of her way to bump into her, and places her focus elsewhere. If the girl is really "whipped" then she won't reengage with your sister. 

Otherwise, if you are in High School too, this is really not your problem to solve. Going to a trusted adult with your concerns is a fine option
it's okay, we discussed focussing on the leaves.
LA, to its credit, has very good museums, high-end restaurants, music, taco trucks & food from every part of the world + many cultural events. But it's not an easy city to navigate with traffic and the level of encampments in the past 5-10 years have taken over entire areas, then worsened even more with the pandemic. I had friends from other countries visit and while they love LA, the dichotomy of nice living + extreme poverty is jarring for them. I almost just got used to it living there, but it's a messed up thing to exist with as normal. 

San Diego definitely lacks culture but it does have a nice walkable downtown area. 

Santa Barbara is probably the happy medium but it takes real money to live nicely there.
It's more independent living for seniors, but this place in Altadena

[https://www.ecsforseniors.org/montecedro/?\_vsrefdom=cpc-google&CMM=googleppc\_direct\_1017928\_2019il&utm\_medium=cpc&utm\_source=google&utm\_campaign=1017928&utm\_content=2019il&gad=1&gclid=Cj0KCQjw9deiBhC1ARIsAHLjR2AJu1YWqYgqq3VNW7xQBF7gm8LkPOBZ79KQkxq2GeMF\_Z5dS-PAYcAaAiWYEALw\_wcB](https://www.ecsforseniors.org/montecedro/?_vsrefdom=cpc-google&CMM=googleppc_direct_1017928_2019il&utm_medium=cpc&utm_source=google&utm_campaign=1017928&utm_content=2019il&gad=1&gclid=Cj0KCQjw9deiBhC1ARIsAHLjR2AJu1YWqYgqq3VNW7xQBF7gm8LkPOBZ79KQkxq2GeMF_Z5dS-PAYcAaAiWYEALw_wcB)
LA, Santa Barbara or San Diego are the closest climate-wise, but the cost of living/ housing is insane in all three & you will likely be very car-dependent.
It seriously doesn't matter the breed or how friendly the dog is, any breed can run up to an otherwise okay-behaving leashed dog that is leash reactive & get itself killed.
I just showed it to my tiny Monstera to give it inspiration.
I'm not really concerned with trump so much as the template and infrastructure he left in place for a stronger person than him to succeed in overturning an election next time. 

I am also more concerned with reports from small towns around the country (Shasta County CA, Sequim WA) where small coups against sitting county council members have succeeded, or any of the school boards where sitting members were terrorized into quitting. Also, decent election administrators (of either party) who received enough death threats in 2020 that they quit. 

It's contentiousness that's simmering in lots of pockets of the country that trump started, though I highly doubt he's in any condition to finish.
Uh, look up your state and “boundary by acquiescence” laws. You may be giving him the legal right to not only now own your land, but when you go to sell down the road you will have changed property lines that won't match your deed, and you will have been paying taxes on land he's enjoying. 

Who gives if he is putting in a nicer fence? While that is normally an expense that two neighbors should agree upon and share, he could do that along the exact fenceline where it currently stands. Not a nice guy, your neighbor is literally stealing land from you that you are paying property taxes on. Sorry, but he's got you marked as a fool.  

If I were to proceed with this I would have him buy the square footage outright from you and have the property line changed. He won't want to do that.
Logan also goes to hit Kendall's son, his grandson, in Season 1 where it's implied the kid is probably autistic. Roman is socially awkward and doesn't present as normally as Shiv and Kendall. Logan hates deviations from any norms that aren't smooth edges- being gay, having a weird kink for older women, & showing any sensitivities are all "weaknesses" in his book.
I mean, some of the issues in the US are very real tangible problems- but many are going to be location dependent. If you were a woman living in an anti-abortion state who wanted kids, knowing you can't get needed medical attention for failed pregnancies is certainly a fact of life to take into consideration. The whole shootings thing isn't great. If you are living in a high-cost-of-living area, housing- not wonderful. Car-dependent culture in some areas. The last several years have been politically fraught & the pandemic wasn't pretty. But, careers pay more money here than say Europe- then you also have high medical costs and low vacation time.

Lots of people from around the world still want to immigrate to the US. What makes life qualitatively better for one person than another is rather subjective.

I have dual UK citizenship and spent a lot of time there as a kid. I am currently thinking of leaving the US for the UK. Mainly because I could buy a house outright with no mortgage in a decent part of England for what I made selling a CA shack here. After decades of freeway commutes, I wouldn't mind having a decent (even if it has issues) train system. I'm sick of fires (again, CA). I have medical insurance and still can't get in to see a doctor for 3-6 months out. Is the overworked underfunded NHS going to be a downgrade from that?

I also formerly lived in a part of CA where I have never seen so many UK ex-pats settle and be happy. Probably due to mild climate and sunshine.
If the show is good enough and I like the characters it's okay. I'll end up rewatching the entirety of it years later & it's like a little gift because I had forgotten most of it.
If you are spun out enough to be posting on reddit when you got ghosted after three texts that you are still thinking about someone, then you are kidding yourself that sleeping with him later is going to get him out of your system.
One of the most disappointing realizations I had by young adulthood is how many adults, at least here in the US, behave & think like children well into middle-age. Quanon works so well here on at least a percentage of the electorate because it was bolstered by several propaganda channels and a president, plus it feeds into magical thinking they're still stuck in.

Still not an excuse or a reprieve, but from my perspective, they truly believed that their tinpot dictator was on the right side of history, an election was stolen from them, and they'd be received as heroes once he was reinstalled. There were enough GOP members running interference: tweeting bullshit, taking several groups on tours the day before to show them the tunnels, denying election results. Their little brains were spun into a massive mind fuck.
>then about a year into our relationship, (after proposal) something just switched 

Yeah, he thought he had you on lockdown for marriage so he could show his true colors. Abuse is meant to make the victim's self-esteem plummet so they won't leave and will accept further abusive tactics. You getting fit is a threat to that. 

>he says I should just learn to accept his sense of humor,

Ask him next time point bank why tearing you down is funny and can he explain the joke? Actually don't. Just know life is too short to tie yourself to someone who makes you feel like shit.
> a will saying she’s leaving all her money to me but if I don’t come see her, she’s taking me out of the will. 

So, we know she hasn't changed if she's using manipulation to try and get you to see her. True change would be respecting your wishes and leaving you an inheritance as some small way to make things up to you with zero expectations or hoops for you to jump through. 

I hope you've received therapy for the abuse you went through. What you do should be whatever you believe is best for your mental health. You are under no obligation to smooth out your mother's sins at the end of her life. If you need the money, you are also free to use the hell out of her at this point just know whatever action you take, there may actually be no money or you may never see it because abusers aren't people who keep their word.
>we've been together for four months  
>  
>A pretty strong bond of love has formed with my girlfriend

Yeah, I am of the school of thought that you cannot really *know* a person enough in 4 months to have a strong bond of love. You can be excited by them, intrigued, enjoy their company, into sex with them, but ya just don't really know a person in that short of time.

I'm also of theory that masks or any issues usually start around 3 or 4 months. That's great that she's done so much therapy! She's an open communicator! (except she isn't because rather than state clearly 4 months ago she doesn't like close male/female friendships she just got snippy). 

So now you've "bonded" with someone and you are seeing how they handle being upset. When they feel threatened they shut down & go cold. Lots of therapy is, in my book, a good thing. But it doesn't mean a person doesn't still have problematic ways of expressing themselves. 

While I think it is fine for her to have her boundaries, you get to decide if her boundaries are ones you can accept. You can certainly ask her to meet the friend, I think respecting that you won't cook meals together isn't unreasonable. And you can tell your gf you'd like to be able to reach out once a month to your friend- or whatever feels good to you, or you'd really like it if you can all grab drinks together.

You can also tell her that her way of expressing her distress- the cold shut down- freaked you out. 

At the end of the day people can give ultimatums, they just have to accept the fall out. People who receive ultimatums should decide if they really can abide by the requests and not agree to them if they can't.
It's never stated explicitly, but I always got the sense that Logan married Conner's mother then abused a likely fragile person to the point of mental breakdown, thus her institutionalization. 

He would have married Caroline for her pedigree as an aristocrat (narcissists love owning things that give them prestige) but the issue there is Caroline was too much of an overt narcissist for them to work. 

Marcia was a good match. Likely a covert narcissist, but she offered social prestige in how she presented, was class and age-appropriate. She understood she was meant to be a buffer- she made Logan look classy, and she was to protect him from emotional fallout. In return, she was securing power for her bio-son. I think her long game was to sit out each of the Roy kid's failing and eventually get her son in somewhere important. She was fine with affairs as long as they weren't with important powerful women so the Rhea affair broke the rules. 

One of her most disarming power moves was to say the things you aren't meant to say out loud in a charming unbothered way. She totally recognized Willa for what Willa was because I am pretty sure during some of her early social-climbing years she had been likely a paid escort of sorts.
A bunch of people replying to you acting like the rioters didn't want to kill Senators and Congressmen & it wasn't a genuine *attempt* at a coup, even if it was a disorganized hot mess. Some of those rioters went in with tactile gear on, zip ties, etc and mobs managed to kill 5 capital police officers from injuries. 

Several GOP were completely on board and involved. Their secondary plan was to deny election results- they didn't want to certify electoral votes & wanted the coup to steal those. Videos show that Rep Loudermilk was giving hours-long tour the day before to showing a tour group the tunnels and several offices. There were several Republican representatives and senators that were hoping for an attack or dog-whistling for one on the Capitol, & later denied election results. They were 100% wanting a coup. 

The real difference between Italy or Germany's fascist takeover history is let's be real, both Mussolini and Hitler were better organized and better at the strong man stuff.
I think it was kind of "the teacher told us we could ransack the classroom, why'd we get in trouble?" mentality. 

AKA people who have no clue how anything actually functions.
This is so funny because while I've never been to Miami I always had this assumption it was kinda LA's spiritual sister city in the US (but with more humidity), including the problems.
No, I went out of town and left her to show the house/ sell it. It was during the crazy peak of the market so I left to visit a friend and it was sold within the week- edit we had a buyer within the week, escrow was about a month.
I'd try putting a French drain and install a sump pump in my own basement before trying them.
>he still makes little comments or tries to get me to watch videos or talk me into believing in a god or heaven, 

So, he is pushing his views on you. Because if he's really going to commit to this line of thinking, then you are going to hell and he likely can't handle that, so you would also need to convert. 

Honestly, I am still trying to get over that his initial belief was the universe is created by aliens because.. I mean who created the aliens then? Why is that easier to accept than the big bang theory?

Anyhoo, you likely have to have a serious talk. Either he has his newfound faith and respects your boundaries that you don't want to share it with him, or he finds himself a nice Christian girl and you all go your separate ways.
Wait- did your dad cheat on your mom? Because that's info your mother deserves to know.

Also, c'mon. Think about the seriously awkward future family events that staying in this relationship entails. It wasn't a "fun" secret on her part, it was her trying to avoid openly dating the son of the guy she had an affair with.
I lucked out so well when I went to sell. My realtor was a really nice helpful one who also... had ADHD. That lady helped me actually pack!! At one point I hadn't finished what I needed to get put away. I left town for her to show and she called me like wtf, and I started to cry. She ended up finishing putting the last of the stuff away too. 

I know. I made her work so hard for that commission. I like to think (hope) we are still friends because I really did like her as a person.

Anyway, your realtor is making serious commission $$$ off the sale of your house. Tell her or him to come over early before the open houses and hold your hand for a bit. Open houses are just as much for the realtor to get new clients as it is for them to help sell your home- they can put some elbow grease in.
This can't be the first stupid thing he thinks/believes or has said to you. 

My advice is this- learn the signs early so you don't waste a year on someone. 

>These comments made me insecure ...“how do you have blonde hair if you’re not even White?”

When you are with someone and feel insecure because of the comments they make to you, take note. Sometimes you can feel insecure because of your own baggage, but if you are feeling good about yourself and the guy you are dating keeps saying stupid stuff that suddenly makes you feel self-conscious or bad about yourself, speak up and tell them to knock it off. If they don't then that means you are likely dating a jerk.
The also showed how much he enjoyed abusing Greg the way he was abused by the company he chose to work for. Having money is not a prerequisite for being status-hungry or money-grubbing. Plenty of people will voluntarily social climb and toss aside less useful friends along the way.
The sugar in juice spike your glucose levels much faster than eating the sugars in whole fruit- which are slowed down by fiber. That's why if a diabetic is in a hypoglycemic state drinking a glass of orange juice is the easiest way to quickly get their blood sugar levels back up. 

That being said, a glass of juice- fruit or vegetable- isn't unhealthy imo. It has need vitamins and minerals, can be filling enough to stop you from snacking on unhealthy things or reaching for a soda, and is fine in moderation.
Love the skin on the second layer, it's phenomenal. But, I actually like the rougher look of the hair texture in the first pic.
Go to Kelly Blue book online and put in all the details for the model + mileage and you'll see what they are selling for used in your area.

edit: I would also have a mechanic check it out before buying.
We all grieve death in our own ways.
It's poorly worded, like English as a second language maybe. I think the phrasing ***"rise"*** of toxic masculinity makes it the second interpretation. Because if they were looking for a country where women are subservient it wouldn't be a rising or new thing happening recently- plenty of parts of the world have simply been that way for centuries..
Tom has long been status-hungry and money-grubbing, so I doubt his early friendships were deep emotional connections.  That being said, he did so very wrong by the fly guys.
It is a very delightful frog pot!

I swear the *"oh, that's so fabulous- you should sell those"* is the kiss of death for all creative inspiration.
>academic setting

Do you have accommodations or are in a country where you are eligible? Because if you do- use them, and if you don't apply asap. 

I finally survived college & started doing really well once I got my accommodations. Recorded all lectures, got copies of notes, and was eligible to take tests in a quiet room. During lectures I sat in the very front because I found less distraction helped a bit. 

If your school has an Office of Students with Disabilities, make an appointment asap.
Is your mom in treatment? because she may need med changes, esp if she's bipolar & schitzophrenic. 

That being said: none of her emergencies are emergencies. Even your uncle could have called a medic van if need be, or plan ahead if he knew he was going to the hospital. 

>she wasn’t supposed to know where I lived

How did she find out and has she threatened you in the past? Because this is a bigger issue if your safety is at risk.

Otherwise, give her a breakdown during a non-mom-emergency time when she's not calling you yelling. *Mom, I will not be helping you when I am at work. You will need to come up with an alternative solution for any emergencies that arise when I am working. During work hours I will be blocking your number. You may not show up at my home during work hours.* 

Come up with a short phrase if she does drop bys. *Mom, I can not help you. I am working now.* 

If she has a psychiatrist you can tell her she needs to check in with them for a med check. If your mom escalates to threats against you or herself, you need to be prepared to 51/50 her. 

If you aren't in it get therapy for being raised by an unstable parent. It does a number on your ability to enforce boundaries. 

Good luck.
Don't say no right out the gate. Sit her down and listen to the podcast together. Stop it when misogynistic crap comes up. Ask your daughter what she thinks about what was said- ask questions and be inquisitive. She might answer "it's funny" or "it's cool" so ask follow ups like "how- explain to me the joke?" She may hear it herself as she tries to explain. Share with her a bit why you see it as hurtful to women.

What's likely going on is some desire on her part for attention or to fit in. There's a whole steaming pile of toxic shit out there right now that she doesn't need to step in, but she also needs to get why she should be avoiding it.

Ultimately, yeah, put your foot down. That crap can bite her in the ass as she's getting ready to go to college because people can google her and find it. But the bigger more important thing is to help her learn to hear/see what misogyny sounds and looks like & to spot it.
Please tell a trusted friend, family member, or someone in your life you know is safe what's going on. Try contacting a trained person at [RAINN](https://www.rainn.org/) who knows domestic abuse. Doesn't matter if he hasn't physically hurt you yet, they can advise you on a safe exit. 

Yes, you are in danger. You've been forced into a relationship since you were a teen, the dynamic is coercive (you are punished for trying to leave) & your perception of normal is very skewed by that. This is not normal and threats of violence lead to actions of violence. Get help getting out and staying safe.
Nothing helps social anxiety like getting lectured that you aren't performing socially well (/s)

Take it up with your therapist. What do you want your social interactions to look like? Break down into small steps things you can do to speak up for yourself, join in a convo or bring a little of your at-home self into the public sphere, but do it safely and on your own terms. Honestly, as your work in therapy progresses and you learn more about your own personal emotional reality, standing up for yourself or being more true happens organically. You may always have a bit of an indoor/outdoor split, too, and that's okay.
I'm pretty sure it is not uncommon to think in moments excitedly that you've found your answers, therefore everyone's answers, then have to eventually roll that back. 

The worst is realizing like grief, it's a fluid process with a thousand different offramps/ onramps along the way. Recognizing being wrong or coming to terms that absolutes never help is one of the best onramps back in. 

I have ADHD too. In my late 20s I got into exercise, clean diet, amino acids. All lifelong problems solved! Poof! Thank god there wasn't a ton of social media yet, because I would have been insufferable. I actually wanted to write a book, hahaha. Little did I know I would NOT be able to maintain that lifestyle and chronic illness can really set a person back. I don't do well with ADHD meds, but I will support anyone who benefits.
>On our second date I made it clear that I was looking for something more serious

Making it clear you were \*in general\* looking for something more serious or did you state: "I really like you and I'd like us to be exclusive while we are dating?" then she agrees to exclusivity. 

Because, if it was the former, and it sounds like it was, she did absolutely nothing wrong. You seem to grasp that but can't get over the emotional sense of being cheated on- even if it wasn't a *technical* cheating. You have a right to your feelings, but what you do with them matters. If it is something you can't get over then you owe it to you and her to break up. 

Plenty of people date the way she was- trying not to get attached or overly focus on one person until they know that person is really in it.

If you can't get over it *but want to try* start focussing more on the present. Like, literally take note when you are with her why she's a good partner and why you enjoy each other's company. Make an effort. You are basically trying to get your brain to stop dwelling and to refocus.
>My family would also happily accept me back home but it would be so humiliating to tell them it didn’t work after I did all this .

If you have a loving supportive family get over your embarrassment, get the cat, and go. One thing controlling people do is isolate the person they want to control. Don't help him by further dumping on yourself that those that love you will judge you.

You are really young. A few years of being ground down has already made you doubt yourself and start drinking. You can get out now and have all the time to start again.
Not to be harsh but you were his sugar momma, not his gf. 

You fixed his problems and gave him a soft place to land. And in any codependent relationship, you had to be getting something from that. It's not surprising he turned on you when you were sick. Someone who sees an older person as their caretaker doesn't want to stick around to caretake & someone who viewed you as a soft landing doesn't want to financially contribute

Take care of your physical health right now, it's your number one priority. When you are ready reflect on the glaring issues that were likely there from the start so you can see the whole thing in its entirety clearly & be grateful that it's over.
I have no idea what cocaine in the UK costs, but once high he could be spending on drinks, gambling, any number of things all with the coke. He may be addicted to debt and spending as much as the coke. 

Right now he will make a grand gesture, tell you he will quit, then unless real steps are taken on his part (not yours- has to come from him) he will do the exact same thing over and over. 

If (big if) he was willing to go to a treatment center for a month, get 30 days sober and some actual tools for quitting, there may be a path out of it. Or attend meetings or find counseling to help. Otherwise, you are now in a cycle with someone and it's one that can get really bad- including losing everything you own. 

I suggest you look at [al anon UK](https://al-anonuk.org.uk/) It's got issues like all 12 step programs, but if you replace alcohol with coke and at least listen to a few meetings, you will get a lot more insight into the lengths addicts go to lie and hide their disease. When he is in the grips of addiction he is counting somewhat on your naivete to hide, so you really need to educate yourself now. The worse thing you can do is become his enabler, and at least al anon will give you some tools to see those pitfalls. 

Good luck.
Google codependency. You like being needed as much as she needs someone to dump one. You both are in a toxic dynamic, and you are way too invested in her life and life choices. Your friendship with her will never have some magical healing power for her. It won't. Ever. Not a thing you can do or say for someone who likes blowing their own life up. You are primarily just an audience to her for her dysfunction.

Most important thing is for you to learn what is being a good friend versus codependent relationships, so you don't have this dynamic again.

As for the rest of it start being honest: *I am not a trained therapist and this is taking a toll on my mental health. I highly suggest you look into talking with a professional.* Repeat until it gets across. 

Or move out.
Please go to therapy with someone who specializes in trauma recovery. 

I realize in your first post you probably have remaining trauma from previous institutionalizations as a teen, and medical trauma from psychiatry is real. But, no matter how much positivity you have or feel healed, there are a LOT of really tough things in your past and your recent relationship that create unresolved trauma cycles.

The good news is you are an adult now with your own agency. You can interview therapists and you get to choose someone who you feel good about.
My friend, what you are looking for is courier services. There are professional companies that will do this for likely less than 500 and it doesn't have to feel like a shady drug delivery deal posted on craiglist. Google courier services.

I mean, if the shop will toss that item in a box for you, you can just call Fedex or DHL to do a pickup. You even may be able to get them to pack it.
Moving around a lot, career and job change is an ADHD thing- I think. I know that's been my life but it was also compounded by a certain amount of PTSD, so I don't know which is what.

Getting paralysis and being too overwhelmed to take first steps & staying too long at a miserable party is also an ADHD thing (and can be PTSD).

Instead of looking at the statement essay or even job postings give yourself a tiny doable task that you can try to make fun. Do some journaling or freewriting (non-judgemental writing) about what your ideal day at a job would look like. Or just make bullet lists of things you would want to do. Make it fantasy, don't get caught up in the "this isn't possible" part. Trying to refind joy after being ground down is so hard, but it's the small space that if you can grow it- change can get some momentum to get you unstuck.
I actually think Connor is the best off of all the siblings. Say what you will about his relationship with Willa, they are both honest with each other that she is marrying for money, but they also both support each other and their individual delusions in a sweet way. He paid for her play even though it was a total mess, and she doesn't have a problem with his ridiculous run for president (except for maybe $$). They have the most honest relationship in the show.
>ask your wife pointed questions about what tools she was recommended for this situation. Encourage her to ask her therapist for tactics or techniques. 

I honestly don't think OP should involve himself at all. The tool the wife is likely getting right now is a safe space to talk in and a better recognition of how she feels in her day to day life. The therapist likely gave her assignments early on to get her through the initial process, she has those tools and is now applying them to life, but still needs an outlet for support (ie talk therapy)

It's not on OP to interfere. If the wife's mental health issues seem to worsen, then he can bring up adjunct therapies, meditation or medication or whatever, but a spouse shouldn't be standing outside a door and then later being like: what have you learned? Can you ask to learn more tools in therapy please?
Yes, your expectations are way off. One, a therapist *shouldn't* be offering insights all the time. They aren't a partner or a parent who is there to guide and tell the patient what to do. The goal is for the therapist to gently lead the patient to their own insights and for the patient to better learn to understand their emotions. Some therapies like Cognitive Behavioral or mindfulness may have assignments, EMDR may have trauma processing, but talk therapy is really about having one safe space in your life to talk, to feel safe with one person who won't judge or direct you in how to behave, and through that process of support get a better understanding of how you are interacting with the world. What you probably aren't hearing is when the therapist is occasionally redirecting her to ask how those people/events are making her *feel.* 

Here's why talking to you isn't the same. You are her husband. You are always going to have needs and opinions. The therapist is one person whose needs and feelings she doesn't have to take into consideration or worry what their opinions are. And, again, if they are doing even an okay job, they are helping her understand how all the aspects (so and so did this, I said this) are causing an emotional reaction in her. This helps someone learn how to regulate their emotional responses. 

Maybe it's not the greatest therapist. Maybe she needs further interventions if her anxiety is still high. But, honestly, that's none of your business if your wife is getting something out of this process and wants to continue, that's for her to do.
Sort of the premise of Justified, which came before Ozarks and was a much better show imo even if it was kind of a crime procedural.
Put security cameras in the hallways and public spaces.
*Hey, you know I enjoy our friendship so much, but could you cut out the love stuff, please? Even with the platonic declarations, I'm married and it makes me uncomfortable. Now, let's discuss <insert artsy topic here>*

If he doesn't respect that blunt but kind request, then you do have a bigger issue. I am guessing it is a crush, which he can fully get over, however, if he shows he can't you do need to cut him off.
First off, herpes PSA: 1 in 6 people in the US have genital herpes. You will need to disclose that info before sleeping with new partners, which can be scary, but it's the right thing to do. You can also take an anti-viral med that suppresses future outbreaks or L-Lysine helps, so talk to your doctor. Sometimes people have one outbreak and that's it. You are only contagious right before the outbreak happens, and if you get another one you may notice what that pre-breakout feels like (itching or tingling) and know to abstain. Do not touch any sores or wash your hands well if you do. 

As for the boyfriend, hell no. He's a lying cheater who claims you are hurting *his* mental health because he gave you herpes?? You deserve so much better. Do NOT let the herpes diagnosis keep you in a shitty worthless relationship.
It's the 2020s. If you are not vetting for flat earthers and vaccine truthers at a bare minimum within the first few dates you are probably doing it wrong. 

I found out a few years ago that a friend I have known for 15 years believes the moon landing is faked. I've had two friends let out their antisemitic beliefs over the past few years. Like, I had no idea they solidly believed Jews control all the global money and the media. I am Jewish...
You are enabling a gambling addict. This doesn't improve unless they get help. 

Housing is the least of your problems.
> I'm crying because I feel like he settled for me

Friend, you are settling for him. He's negging you and undermining your confidence & self-esteem. A cruddy personality is a poor quality in a partner. Want better for yourself. Let him know he may be an 8 in looks according to his own personal scale but a 0 in personality.
>“animals don’t read parenting books so why should we”

He's going to be a great father. Male lions will kick out male cubs from the pride due to competition, and prairie dog females will eat each's young. We should totally adopt those techniques.

You're dating a nitwit who doesn't respect your field. Don't send articles to nitwits. Their entire thing is being right even when they are wrong, and it's like bashing your head on a rock and waiting for the rock to start bleeding.
Two things, first you can only help or mentor someone who directly asks for it. If they don't ask for help then anything you say or do will be perceived as you attacking them.

Secondly, when/if she asks directly for help the best method of constructive criticism is to tell someone something good about them, then the issue, then the positive place they will get to when they take steps (ie the better version of themselves they are capable of achieving).

The one thing you do have a total right to speak up about if you are living with someone is if they have terrible table manners that are offputting or their hygiene is bad and they stink. For table manners you can start with being direct but kind: *I love having my little sister here and I love sharing meals with you, but when you talk during the meal with your mouth full of food it's really hard, or when you sit at the table on your phone and don't join in talking with us it sucks for my boyfriend and me and feels like a missed opportunity to catch up about our days.*

As for the rest of it, I'd wait until she comes to you directly with the issue then you can involve yourself. For interviews, if she's bummed she didn't get it then you can say something like*" you are really smart and clearly a good candidate. Do you want some tips for how to win over an interviewer and make yourself stand out more?* Ie don't frame it initially as: you did it wrong but ask her if she wants to hear how to improve. Also, it seems like you are hovering over her waiting for her to fail. Give her a little space to fail and pick herself back up and come to you.
If you answer no it actually could go either way- you overpaid or you underpaid.
He's a 38-year-old man acting like a 16-year-old. You are making an awful lot of excuses for him in the comments, but by his age being emotionally mature enough to listen to a partner and then respect their wishes during sex should be a given, not something he needs to be trained to understand. He heard you in your conversation, he just chose to disregard you in his actions.

The other thing that stands out to me is that what you've described him doing without real discussion with you first has a degrading element to it. If that is not your thing it is fine to break it off for lack of real sexual compatibility. 

I do think porn has done more damage to people's expectations for sex, but my god, moving between the anus and vagina without discussion and preparation is #1 way for women to get reoccurring bacterial vaginosis. Again, okay if someone is in their 20s and still learning about sex and being a good partner, but wtf by your 40s?
Question: did you have an inspection when you bought it? Because the lifespan of most of those items would be apparent during inspection. 

My first house was an older house and everything was in functional condition but kind of on its last legs. Your best bet is to get several opinions on anything. Have a couple of roofers come out and give you bids. If they all say the same thing, then you know you have immediate issues. Usually, one guy will be complete doom and gloom, one will be more middle of the road. 

Otherwise make yourself a list of bigger ticket items that are on their last legs and replace them slowly. One major fix per year or two and you'll eventually have newer components under a 10-year warranty. Roof or any basement leak issues if in real disrepair should be number one- and move slowly inwards from there.
I mean, every coastal city in the 80s-90s, besides San Diego and Monterey (both more military), were kind of hippie surfer enclaves with artists and environmentalists. Housing prices for a 2 bedroom bungalow weren't starting at 1 mil back then.
Wait, was the black Lexus shooting at the white truck? And, in order to alert other drivers and execute a safe road rage shooting, black Lexus turned on their *emergency blinkers*?!
I mean, other than being known for gumbo & hospitality, it has the best jazz + high # of shootings combo in the country.
Uh, get your legal ducks in a row in terms of him moving in (name not on deed or mortgage) and clear communication on splitting costs. 

But, really, why do you want to cohabitate with someone who isn't jazzed for you for getting to a huge life milestone?
Don't take the tenant's property to sell even if it's within the lease or you feel used by them. Give them until Saturday. If they don't come Saturday, have it hauled off. How much can you make off a used trampoline? $100? Not worth dealing with them coming around, trying to sue, or dealing with them being messy

You've listed why you are upset with this tenant but most of that was on you. Don't keep working with people who are bad tenants, don't cut deals with them, and don't cover expenses if they are at fault. 

As far as the trampoline goes, consider the value of the cost versus having a clean break from them
California absolutely has better produce than many other states. We grow close to most of it for the country (what we don't ship to Mexico due to NAFTA). Plenty of farming in the middle of the country is corn and soy. While every market in the US is going to have vegetables outside of areas that are food deserts, fresh fruit & veg versus the stuff that has been on trucks for weeks is a big difference in quality.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

>I am not so sure I want this to happen.

Oh, you 100% know you do not want it to happen. Speak clearly and say no, it was too much falling on you to be housebound with her as a caretaker the first time.

>his answer was that she and the other elderly neighbor could hang out while we worked.

What happens when that neighbor falls or gets hurt or goes into a home?

She's settled somewhere now, don't take her out of her routine because he feels guilty but not guilty enough to change his work schedule and be the primary caretaker. Tell him you can both up your visits from the home or have her stay for overnights, but she isn't moving back in with you.
Telling him depends on what state you live in (if in the US) and what kind of end you two ended on. Do you feel 100% confident he will respect and support your decision?

As for financial assistance, if you are in the US in a state that has planned parenthood, start there.
A 22-year-old started dating you ***WHEN YOU WERE 15???***

You were a child!! A creepy college age dude was scouring high schools for a teen to molest, ffs. You aren't 'wifey material' because you aged out for the pedo who wanted a teen bang maid. 

There's nothing you could have done differently when you are in a relationship with a misogynistic creep. You are still incredibly young. Please go out and experience a good relationship for the first time. Find out what it is to be loved, respected, and to be treated like an equal. You deserve that.
If she's still competent enough ask her how she feels about writing up a trust for herself. She'll be the one creating the trust (with your and a lawyer's help) so she isn't giving up total independence, but she's in control of creating a foolproof system of safety for herself. 

The trust can give her a monthly stipend and grow her assets. If she asks for a large lump sum the trust has to approve, so if she contacts her trustee for an Amazon scam they are given permission to deny funds. 

You can help her set up an account to have draft limits unless something is set on autopay, so her bills will all be autopay but she can't withdraw thousands of dollars. 

I don't know, just spitballing.
I don't mean to pathologize everything (but this is the internet so why not), but that all sounds a lot like executive dysfunction. It's common with ADHD but also with a host of other things. 

One thing that helps people with executive dysfunction is learning their own coping skills but they have to want to change (ie admit they have a problem and also be personally frustrated with their inability to finish things). Some people just don't care or can't get to the first part: admit there is a problem.

Another thing that can help is calm patient help. If you want her to pick something out instead of sending her away to go find the thing, make it a task you do together. *Lets set a timer and look at tables now for the next hour and a half, then pick one out and decide on it.* 

*Projects: okay if you want to start a painting project in the apartment, then let's schedule a weekend day where we get supplies, and another day to complete it.* 

If you don't want to have this kind of dynamic & be the task-finisher police, and you want a self-motivated person who is a project finisher, it doesn't sound like that's the person you are dating. So you have to decide.
You may be somewhere on the aromantic spectrum. I'd look it up and see if some of the descriptors fit your lived experience. 

Whatever you do, you should be compassionate but honest with her. It does take some people longer to find feelings for others, but also sometimes you know right away and are just hiding the truth from yourself. 

Meanwhile, she is growing feelings, & you are not. You work together, so you have invited in some serious potential drama to your life.
You were compatible over things like marriage and children (wanting them), but not what that actual scenario looked like. Real Estate is very image oriented career path. It's not just that she wanted to travel and enjoy nice things, her industry is about projecting that kind of lifestyle to appeal to clientele. 

People are saying you are picking social work and a path to lower income, but if you wanted to become a private practice therapist you can eventually make a stable middle class income, while saving some slots for lower pay. It's not the same thing as being a social worker or working for the county. 

Sounds like she didn't want to wait for that to happen. It takes time of grad school, getting your clinical hours in and then building clients is several years. You are looking at mid to late 30s before your income evens out. She is already 5 years older, and probably didn't want to wait until her 40s for a financially stable partner, or to spend the last of her 30s with a grad student. It's not personal so much as incompatibilty in lifestyles. 

Getting out after several months because of seeing a glaring issue coming down the road is kind of a no harm no foul situation. None of this makes you undatable, but you do need to look for compatibility beyond more than just 'wants marriage wants kids' and explore what potential partners wants their short term versus long term life to look like. 

When you are ready you can put yourself back out there.
Just start adding 20 minutes onto when you want to meet. You want to meet at 8? Tell her 8:20/8:30

She's not going to stop this habit. The compulsively early people are like the compulsively late people, especially when it is anxiety fueled. Can they get better for a bit? Sometimes. But it will creep back in. Just wait until you travel together and need to go to an airport, you will be leaving 4 hours ahead of schedule. 

It's one of those things you can either relax and accept, or it's a deal breaker.
Uh, if your girlfriend thinks having your neck grabbed or face punched is "good fun" & is okay with her friend doing that to you, plus wants to live with this person, you have a really, really lousy girlfriend who doesn't give two craps about your health or safety.
*Solid like a rock.*
Clear direct communication + ultimatum.

Hey, I know you are struggling but your constant dissatisfaction with me, and your need to use me to vent all time are taking a toll on my mental health. Either you get help// up help & work on taking notice of how frequently you are criticizing me or using me to dump on, or we have to break up. 

Sometimes a kick in the ass gets someone to realize how they are impacting others, sometimes they don't want to change. You can only find out by clear direct communication,
Eh, I have friends in 10-15 year age gap relationships that are 100% (from what I see) and I admire their relationships. 

But, they were all grown up when they met each other. A 42-year-old and a 56-year-old, or even a 28-year-old with a 38-year-old = whatever. They are all adults. If they have a healthy relationship, good for them.  

Anyone who is still a teen dating someone in their mid-twenties, I am going to look a little askance at. If there are CLEAR issues in the relationship, plus age gap, then yeah, there's usually a power dynamic issue. Someone in their 20s dating a 40 something, ehhhh..

The good, healthy age-gap relationship people aren't posting on reddit, for another thing.
Unless you are breeding to eat, or you plan on keeping the rabbits for the duration of their lifetime, there are not enough long-term homes for pet rabbits currently and county shelters are overflowing with older rabbits specifically because people breed them. By long-term I mean their lifetime not a year and dumped at the pound. There is no need to be raising domesticated rabbits to breed (again outside of for food sources). 

Spay and neuter your pets.
You say you have a good therapist now, so this is the perfect thing to discuss with him or her.

What is it that would make things right from your parents? Would an acknowledgment that what went on there was scarring for you even if the end result was what they wanted be enough?

Rather than try to tell them about it, ask your therapist to help you write a letter detailing some of what you went through. It can be retraumatizing to revisit these things, so important to have the therapist on board. At the end of the letter tell them what you are looking for (apology, understanding, etc.)

The truth is they probably were at the end of their ropes with you, and the boarding school told them a lot of what they wanted to hear. So, even if they have their suspicions about what you went through, they are coping by being in denial.

For the record, I went through something different but very similar over 30 years ago. Yup, it is effing scarring, but recovery is possible. One thing that helps you get to forgiveness with others is knowing that you don't have to fear them anymore. If the fear is this is something they did once, it can happen again, it is very hard to feel at peace with them. Some repairs may happen down the road when you are independent and no longer reliant on their decisions over your life.
You were 19 when a 25-year-old woman was interested in you? While you both clearly have physical and mental health issues that need support and work, your relationship sounds toxic, codependent, and, yeah, abusive (I could only read half of this, then it just got too painful). 

Look, a grown woman 6 years older than you is not your responsibility. You need to find housing on your own and break up. Someone looping non-stop on childhood trauma isn't your job to fix and you couldn't fix her even if you wanted to. All you are doing right now is enabling a deeply unhealthy person while not learning how to care for yourself. 

Don't spend the rest of your 20s like this.
Plus the cuffed pants are ill-fitting and too short. The whole look is awkward & the stylist needs to be fired.
I love him as an actor, but he is standing like he crapped his pants and his arms are trying to run away from the ensuing mess.
Nah, I agree with you. I think we were meant to view Logan in his prime as a strategic genius who was already losing it when the show starts. The whole point is how that the type of person Logan was, Machiavellian and a tyrant, can create one thing- a business empire, but only by destroying another- his kids & most of his wives. The children and other bit players are all malformed by Logan's legacy of abuse & any 'wins' are usually just them failing upwards, and also tend to be short-lived.
Logan was a King Lear character. His character flaw was his own lack of self-knowledge and inability to be loved or accept love, so he demanded complete unquestioning allegiance instead. I think a larger theme of the show is that Logan may have successfully built an empire but he destroyed his family by doing so, so his tragedy is that he has no one to leave the empire to. The natural conclusion is where we are at- the kids floundering and his legacy likely being destroyed. Kendall just had a small win last episode. If I am correct, he will blow it by next episode.
Your father solved the garbage issue for you- he took himself out of your and your son's life. Sounds by his behavior that is the most mature decision he's likely made in life.

I wouldn't sweat what he's telling others. Anyone who believes a one-year-old grandchild is out there breaking up marriages is another adult you also don't want to deal with.

Enjoy your mom as a grandmother. Who knows, she may have been looking for an out for years and this was the motivation she needed.
Ugh, thanks, I had to edit that. It could have been worse/better and been pubic organism
I think the fact that last season he was floating face down in the pool versus the final scene showing him floating face up is meant to illuminate his core issues haven't changed but his position has improved.
Yeah, probably. It's the gross self-centered behavior of that oeuvre.

It's incredibly rude to the other concertgoers and to the performers. I don't know why but I get absurdly pissed off at people who behave badly during any live performance. Performers put so much work into recitals and training, the audience pays good money for seats, and one asshole who thinks the world revolves around them needs to get loudly fingered.

Yay for her public ~~organism~~ orgasm, but do it quietly like a normal perv.
Yeah I did the math, they lost $6750. Suck but won't kill them in the long run.
It's the difference between acting in the US versus say if he were acting in the UK or in the theater here.

If you ever watch Inside the Actors Studio, plenty of A list actors talk like he did about craft. I think he got skewed because he's not at their level, and he doesn't fall into the friendly, easy teen crush-type personalities most up-and-coming TV actors who want success in the US now tend to follow. It's even built into the way people go about fandom now, with a stronger sense of parasocial relationship and ownership. People want a cute blank slate to project their ideas onto.

Is he a bit pretentious? Absolutely. But does it help him do a great job at the character he's playing? Sure. So no reason to mock it. I like the Shakespearean nods in the show, it reminds me of how Deadwood approached storytelling.
No collars, so unless they got out of their collars and jumped out of the back of a truck going slow enough for that to happen- this was likely dumping. Even if they did get out of their collars they shouldn't have been riding in the back of a pickup on the freeway for this exact reason, and it's still pretty shitty ownership.
First you'll need to set up your downline, & list any friends you think would want in on this exciting opportunity. 

Just kidding, obviously the wrong sub. But I do like the parallels since both involve reaming someone, metaphorically speaking.
Any shelter right now is overflowing with rabbits. If you can make the drive The San Jose Animal Care has hundreds. Some are young, and some are incredibly friendly.
> I was considering going back to school to get a masters in Art History (or any art background)

While this sounds delightful to me and like a dream thing to do, it is in no way going to secure you better work opportunities that graphic design isn't currently. University positions are hard to come by in any country, and only a foreigner who was top of their field and wrote an award- winning book would likely get a visiting scholar visa. It would get you a student visa for a few years though. You'd have better luck getting certified to teach English as a second language.

Your best bet is to look at the countries you are thinking of emigrating to and what skilled labor they give work visas for. Or, look at US companies that have an overseas division and apply to them for jobs.
>I can't move out for a long time.

Why not? You are 23, not 16. You know how to travel and stay in hostels, then you can find a room share somewhere. Start saving money now.

Your mother has no intention of giving up control over you and no intention of respecting your boundaries. I know this may be some cultural stuff, but it is also the behavior of a mentally unwell person who doesn't intend to get help. 

Write in a diary online and learn how to use two-factor authentication on everything. Stop sharing anything with her. Become boring- get rid of as much stuff as you can so your room is bland. Go find friends to play music with outside of the house. Don't share anything you are doing. Be vague and make a plan. Get therapy.
Currently, they are much better. I should have included the word historically. 

I am talking about under Castro when gay men or any men who even looked suspiciously effeminate were routinely rounded up in the streets and placed in concentration camps because he believed any sexual "deviation" incompatible with the revolution. During that period gay men did flee Cuba seeking asylum. 

OP is hinting on that kind of government taking over in the US. While I think US laws can target certain groups extremely unfairly, I don't think we are on the brink of creating federally run concentration camps for sexuality. 

The worst thing we have are private Christian conversion camps which are psychologically extremely damaging, but as far as I know the government and laws are not involved with them & it's still not Castro having police rounding up people in the streets level of persecution to require asylum..
Based on his reaction to you getting cold feet, if you hadn't agreed to it in the first place he was still going to go look for other people to sleep with, he was just hoping he could get you to sign off on it first.
People are making fun of you in this thread, but being gay or queer certainly can get you beat up, attacked, or harassed in plenty of parts of the US, and it does suck to have a major political party make criminalizing forms of gender expression a big part of their current platform. 

However, I don't see any threat from the US government like what gay people in Cuba or parts of Africa and the Mid East face, parts of the world where, yeah, actual jail time or capital punishment. 

Doesn't mean you should live in an area where you feel fear. What you will find is plenty of parts of the US where it is not only highly normalized to be queer, but there are large communities of queer people. The issue is you will find it in higher cost-of-living areas like most major US metros, or more liberal states that are also higher cost of living. 

You aren't going to get asylum, and by your own admission, you aren't a highly skilled worker. There are Syrian refugees who fled death living on islands in Greece that will never get off of that island they are living in refugee camps on. 

Focus on acquiring skills, working in a restaurant or hospitality industry, carpentry, doesn't matter. Go to a local community college and see what certifications they have. Something to save some money up and pick a larger city or liberal state to head towards with some job skills and make your exit from Ohio. You may feel a lot better just leaving your current area & seeking out a bigger community.
If I were the ex/friend and this ever got out to me I would definitely feel ick. It's not kind of sexualizing your ex, it totally is. 

One thing about role-playing or fantasy is you can basically *make up* a scenario without having to involve someone in your mutual circle. It would be one thing if the person wasn't part of any current social circle, but this is someone in your daily life now.

I'd ask her during a non-sexy time where this is coming from, and given it makes you uncomfortable, share that.
Email the department head for your program directly if the personal reason is really good enough, ie medical. 

But, a semester is only about 3 and a half months long, so you can't miss almost a third of that and have enough hours to qualify. 

And you are welcome, good luck.
If it is a month-to-month lease then yes, they can raise the rents twice a year.
Some colleges start the fall semester in late August, some mid-September. You need to contact the university asap and find out what they recommend. No way missing an entire month of a semester would be doable, so you may want to delay enrollment until Spring
Honestly, if someone lost their crap over something so insignificant that they felt entitled to berate me & my child, I doubt I'd be able to move past it even a sincere, thoughtful apology. 

Yelling during an ongoing fight or during a high-stress situation still needs an apology, but it's at least an understandable human reaction. 

Yelling & insulting people because you can't play your video game like a 12 year old brat? No, thank you.
The post is a troll, but replacing the driveway would start at 10K in the Bay Area.
Professional help, therapy counseling whatever. Figure out why you think you deserve to be in an abusive dynamic and why even any part of you would bring a child into such an equation.
A realtor making a double commission benefits the seller but works out doubly badly for the buyer. It's in this realtor's best interest for you to pay the maximum in this case.

Normally, with a buyer agent, sure, they'd make more if the sale is higher, but in the bigger picture of referrals it works to their benefit to at least make their client feel like they're getting a good deal.

This agent has zero incentive to help you in this sale, and you are going to pay them for the pleasure of getting screwed.

edit: if you had a buyer's agent they should be present for the inspection, noting what the inspector is saying and looking for ways to protect you in further negotiations if anything is discovered. This one is on vacay.
>"If you eliminate the need to get something out of relationships **and naturally overflow with joy**, you can have fabulous relationships with all sorts of people."

I'm sorry but this is why (imo) a ton of Eastern philosophy and Western new agey stuff doesn't actually translate to better mental health. None of us naturally overflow with joy all day every day. And, we get to have reasonable expectations of others. What is important is to realize when your expectations are reasonable versus you are overthinking things (so and so doesn't text back instantly= they hate me, versus so and so has blown me off 3 times in a row, maybe they have life events going on right now, but also maybe they are a shitty friend).

Long story short, see how you feel around people. Relationships are gives and takes. No one will make us feel happy and seen all the time, but the goal is to surround yourself with people you are comfortable with and have a shared sense of interests and care for each other. You aren't going to make yourself some 24/7 spiritual robot who exudes joy all the time and never has any personal needs, I don't care how many books you read or years of yoga & meditation.
I assume a lot of these types of businesses are franchises. My inclination with any work on the home is to get 3 bids. I don't always go with the cheapest, I go often with the person I have the best communication with and who explains the work they'll do really well to me. If someone brought up the Incans to explain a drainage system they'd be out solely because, dude, does not apply to the current situation.
Yeah, I think it has its roots as a post-1950s US economic boom thing when we suddenly had a growing college-educated middle class for the first time. People became class stratified by their careers and anyone could move up the chain more. 

I don't know about South America or the Middle East or other cultures, but in Europe the idea of class still feels like a thing people are born into. At least it used to be declasse to talk about money or status–– although where you had your education is certainly something the British will discuss. But you will know more about their class and upbringing based on accent than anything else. 

California, on the other hand, has a lot of new money and people coming here seeking economic wealth. Networking and categorizing acquaintances by where they are in their careers makes social sense.
*Hi, All, how nice you are making a special plan to surprise (brother's name) and I am sure your efforts will delight him. As you may know, we are twins, so your party date also falls on my birthday. I have solo plans with (girlfriend's name) this year and will be unable to attend my brother's party.*

Then leave the group chat and plan the best date you and your girlfriend could ever want. Book a reservation at a nice restaurant, make a day trip, whatever. Do NOT let them suddenly tag you into the event- go make your own memories. 

Not your brother's fault, but whoo boy. Cruddy oversight of that friend group.
It was a reasonable fee, they were timely. I would politely ask. 

*When I got locked out by the broken bottom lock I needed to let the dogs out of their crates asap so I went with a timely locksmith. However, I was able to locate one who did the job for a reasonable cost of $129. I'd like to submit the receipt to you for reimbursement, please let me know where to send it?* 

*Also, will the front door lock be fixed while I am staying here? If so, let me know when you schedule it, and I will make sure to have the dogs crated when your locksmith arrives.*

Honestly for $3500 per month, you should be able to lock and unlock a front door without the deadbolt. It's a reasonable expectation.
It's not common in Europe, but I've found that conversation in almost any city in the US. It's certainly an LA & New York thing as well.
Gah, dementia is horrible. This starts off sad then gets a secondary layer of sad/tragic.
She needs therapy but, honestly, so do you. You've enabled her to the point of isolating yourself. What you are doing isn't helping her, and it is hurting you. 

Tell her she needs therapy and possibly medication. Also, go talk to a therapist (different one) yourself about co-dependency, setting healthy boundaries, and how to mend the divide with your other two kids.

Letting one child alienate you from two other children is not okay, and allowing it to go that far is also on you.
> Idk if that will look too aggressive or not.

That's not aggressive, that's a polite update. You need someone looking out for your interests and trying to reach out to show you homes, not you chasing an agent around worrying you are being too aggressive. They are set to make a commission off a large purchase you're about to make. They should be holding your hand and walking you through this process.

Fire them and find someone better. Interview a few.
No, they can be set up to impact descendants. It's a way to ensure a parent won't do anything that would negatively affect their kid's portion of the inheritance. Problem is it assumes the parent cares.
Your boyfriend raped you, and then denied it and tried to blame you. 

Contact [RAINN](https://www.rainn.org/about-national-sexual-assault-telephone-hotline) at 800.656.HOPE (4673) to be put in touch with a confidential trained sexual abuse counselor near you. 

Please make an appointment to have a check-up for the bleeding & ask the doctor to document any bruising. Know that if you want to press charges that you have a medical record of the assault. If that sounds too overwhelming right now, at least get the checkup for your own medical health and so you have a track record of it.
>Is it valid for me to be hurt by his comment? 

Your feelings are always valid. Sometimes what we do with feelings or how we express them isn't okay, but if you have a feeling that's your feeling. In this case, your bf attacked you for something he very well may be the issue with. What an asshole.

>Does he have a point.

No. While some SSRI's can make people take longer to orgasm, that stops once you stop them. And, even if they do, a loving partner would be happy their partner is doing well mentally, and put in the effort to work with them where they are at. Also, for many women in their 20s it can take some time to reach orgasms or learn what works for them. And for a lot of guys in their 20s who grew up on porn, they have no clue what they are doing. Kind of a combo thing. Maybe the SSRI you are on, maybe the natural path your body & personal development is on, maybe your boyfriend is a shitty lover.
So, you are growing up in a dysfunctional household. First off, your mom's trauma isn't yours to fix & your parent's marriage isn't something you can control. Not all men are your father and not all women are your mother. 

Secondly, your only job right now is to finish school and pursue what makes you happy and what you want for yourself. 

When your mom brings up what kind of marriage you should have don't engage with her further than "Okay mom." Not arguing about it or asking her questions will neutralize the discussion. It's a toxic belief she has, you don't need to correct that in her or take it on yourself. Box it up and toss it on a garbage heap. 

What you will want to put away for a rainy day is considering therapy at some point. Growing up with a parent with mental illness and two parents in a bad marriage is a lot to carry. One of the best ways to not repeat mistakes you are fully aware of from growing up around them is to have some time to learn about yourself & to learn some healthy coping skills & therapy can help with that.

Good luck.
Have her read this: [https://www.courts.ca.gov/documents/California-Tenants-Guide.pdf](https://www.courts.ca.gov/documents/California-Tenants-Guide.pdf)\- it's for all of CA not LA County and it is for tenants, but the more she understands tenant's rights, the more she can combat what a tenant requests that is unreasonable.

Eviction if they are paying rent is tough. The one thing is if one of your mom's kids wanted to live in the house for a period of time (might be two years) she can move in a relative and that would evict them. Talking to a lawyer is your best bet, but the more your mom is informed on the reasonable things expected of her, the more she may be able to shrug off how unreasonable her current tenants are.

Her tenant is a bully. The best way to deal with bullies is to push back firmly and calmly. The woman is carrying on like this because it is working for her for now.
I don't think of the Bay Area as Northern California, I think of it as located in Northern California. 

Northern California is one of two things in my mind. The top entire half of the state starting at the central coast. But if you call it NorCal then it is an area located at the very, very top that covers everything above Chico.
It's a book based on a popular tv series. Could easily be an oversight or they left quickly and didn't care about it. And, even if it was intentional on the tenant's part, I'd let it go and not worry about it.
So if you are looking for a term for this behavior it's called being an ungrateful twat. 

You can't change people's behavior, but you can change your reactions which will sometimes impact them. If you have already told her all this stuff and she claims it doesn't happen, then...

The best way to help someone realize they are being an ungrateful twat is to tell them how their exact behavior makes you feel in the moment right when it's happening. Doing it later won't work because they've already changed what happened in their memory. You have to point it out as they are doing it, specific words and actions, and how you feel around it.

You pull into the restaurant parking lot looking forward to a nice lunch with your sister at a place she claims to love and she starts sighing about how sick of it she is, you say: *Hey, that makes me feel really bad. I thought you loved this place based on all you IG stories about it, and I wanted to show you a nice afternoon. I'm not going to make you eat somewhere you are sick of so let's cancel. Next time when I initiate a plan to go somewhere you don't want to, please suggest where you'd prefer.*

You get her a gift in a color she asks for and she opens it and complains. *Hey that makes me feel really bad. I was trying to do something to make you happy and asked you specifically what you wanted. Rejecting my gift feels shitty. The good news is there's a receipt so you can return it.*

As for you always paying, don't make any plans without specifying you are going dutch. Once you get to the place, ask the waitress if you can have separate bills.
Is he worth this? Every discussion turning into an argument with someone who always needs to be right sounds exhausting to me. 

Yelling or shouting at someone is abuse, imo. I don't think raising your voice is to the point of yelling or shouting though. What's really abusive is calling you stupid and also gaslighting you (the denying he turned a light off when he did type stuff). Intentionally pushing someone's buttons until they explode so he can call you out on exploding is highly manipulative.
Life is too short to spend it with people who crap on your joy.
>While I asked why he was so upset, he couldn’t give me an answer

Either he thinks it reflects back on him as not as good-looking as he liked to consider himself, worried that you aren't as into his looks as he'd like a significant other, or he thinks it reflects badly back onto you and you're not as much of a "prize" as he wanted if you've "settled" in the past. 

Either way, it's vanity and superficial insecurity on his part. Tell him to think it over and get to a place where he can articulate the issue. I think once he says it out loud, if he is a semi-decent guy, he'll realize how superficial he's being.
>Such as seperate sleeping arrangements with her getting the king double in the bedroom and me on the couch for 4 nights of the week. She knows I hate this. But sacrifices we have to make day to day I guess. Anyone else relate to this?

No. This is not a good relationship. Really reconsider all the times you've sacrificed your own comfort or decisions you wanted, then think about the number of times she's compromised. I'm guessing it's about zero. Good luck with that in life.
Friend, four years? You got a lemon there.
There was really just under a decade of LA being a functional place and kinda getting its shit together in a lot of areas before backsliding. 

The early aughts to about 2010- fewer gang wars, homeless population bad but not bad like it is now, LAPD \*relatively\* not corruptly run post-Rampart scandal firings, housing still affordable in areas... it was a nice run.
I read the title. Since it was posted 4 hours ago & right after the incident happened according to OP, a.m. makes more sense. \*shrugs\*
11:40 am, as in the late morning. 

We do need to be able to go into public on occasion, you know.
Whoever lashed out online at a dying man seeking advice, phew. Check your humanity. 

His final update got me in the feels. Sounds like he actually had a pretty decent head on his shoulders when he was alive, and I hope he had good people around him when he passed.
>I get that writing this book is part of his own healing journey and I respect that,

You actually don't owe him any respect, he hasn't shown you any.

As his kids you had a right to be informed & give permission before he started this project that he would be sharing your personal mental health information with the world.

It's pretty funny he's framing it as his healing journey because it's really a big admission of his own fuck ups as a father.

Anyone can write a memoir, but they aren't allowed a free pass at what that ultimately does to their personal relationships. I tend to be more forgiving of people exposing the ugly side of abuse they've endured, but putting your own kids' privacy on blast is just punching down while looking for accolades (look how great I am at overcoming my children's struggles). Gross.

You have every right to tell him he's violated your trust and you are not sure he deserves it. Your father is self-centered.

edit: this actually made me angry for you- he's potentially screwing you over if he's well known enough that this info about your family impacts your future negatively. If he's shared actual private medical diagnosis you have ~~legal~~   the right to get him to take those parts out. Don't fear or think in terms of what he wants, be clear about what you want.
1). Be a little wary of all men 12 years older than you when you are under 25 (same goes for guys under 25 with women 12 years older than them). Are all age gaps bad? No. But when something is wrong + age gap it's just so much worse.

2). You did nothing wrong and his behavior has zero to do with you. You are both strangers to each other. Anyone who wants to hook up then suddenly tells you that you make them feel icky is an asshole. There are a 1000 things you can tell a person. *I am tired, let's call it a night, etc.,* that aren't **intentionally hurtful rude** ways to reject them. 

3). Start listening to your earlier instincts a bit more. You felt something off because he wanted to meet at his apartment first thing. That's a person testing boundaries. No one should be meeting internet strangers in their homes for the first time unless both parties are explicitly looking for hookups and have stated so outright. If someone is testing boundaries right out the gate, they aren't going to improve over time. 

4). Someone who is an untrustworthy stranger tells you that you give them ick, don't ask them why, don't take it any further with them. Trust the opinions of people who care about you, not randos. The proper response to that is telling them to go fuck themselves for being rude and leaving. 

TL;DR Never let a rando rate your self-worth.
Next time get a quote/ bid from someone on what the costs to fix would be and then try to get the seller to come down by that amount- then you'd also know the scope of the work (how long it will take to fix etc.)
What, you've never seen a production of *The Doughnut Hole of Being Earnest*?
It was a larger rule of thumb that pre-this current bubble tended to be true. 

Now, it's really dependent on a TON of things. Here's a decent calculator and overview: [rent-vs-buy-calculator](https://www.nerdwallet.com/mortgages/rent-vs-buy-calculator)

The only hard and fast rule that is still true is "the best time to buy was 10 years ago" sadly.
I don't know. I'm not buying everything OOP is selling in this post. It's constructed in such a way that she is SUCH a blatant victim and the bad people are sooo so bad. Some of it reads like fantasy. Early on she writes

>I never had a doubt in my mind that I would not be alone in this world as long as I have him.

That's a pretty toxic idea of motherhood in and of itself. You don't have kids so you'll never be alone. They aren't little emotional support animals.

Maybe I'm reading too much into it. Just assuming the dad was a master manipulator and OOP may have dumped a lot on the son's head during the divorce. 

Doesn't make the son a good person, but he sounds more to me like the product of a completely effed up environment by both parents.
Depends on the costs of buying versus renting. Look at the monthly costs not the lump sum of the house-price. Also depends on the rental market in the area you want to retire in. 

It also really depends on what your long-term picture of retirement looks like to you. Are you planning on traveling a ton and eventually moving to a retirement community, or do you want to focus on home-based projects in retirement (gardening, woodwork, etc). Do you have kids and want to leave them the equity in the home?

One thing to consider is as you age moving gets exponentially more difficult for many people. When you rent you are always at risk of a landlord selling a property. 

Look at is 55+ communities if there are any near you. In my state they are subsidized. You buy the home, pay the HOA, but the homes are usually below market value. When you go to sell they are capped on how high they can increase. If I were going to travel a ton and was 55 or older, that's where I'd look. You get a house no one can take from you, but less hassle than regular home ownership (grounds maintained, usually have a staff repair guy), built-in community but privacy.
crepuscular is in between nocturnal and diurnal. Animals who become active at dusk, but also dawn, and don't stay awake all night but also take naps during the day.

I've never heard it used to describe sunlight.
It's crusty. Having an attraction to someone is not really something anyone can control, but she could control her actions and behaviors, and she didn't. 

Also, how is 18 any better, really, in this situation- or even 20? The young woman is still really young, in a professional situation where she had to be friendly, and your wife was over-texting her and stalking her AND showing her picture to co-workers. Even if she never overtly flirted or hit on the girl, she took it far in her head.

If she was a guy we'd all say she was grooming Emma.

Your wife has impulse control issues. While she may not be a predator, ahe showed predatory behavior. No advice just your instinct to be put off is right.
I believe I am crepuscular
grillmaster
I'm going to get downvoted probably but..

20+ years ago SF wasn't the best-run city. Even then it had swaths of wealth and old money butting up against really intense poverty. But there was also a middle-class contingent then that lived and existed there in between. Tons of small businesses could exist and add to different neighborhoods. It wasn't really a LA or NY large important city in any way. It was pretty. 

Over the past 20 years tech money + badly run politics have done nothing to improve the city. Most of the middle class is gone, small businesses can't last, poverty up, and incredibly bad solutions put forth. But, a tech ruling class for decades of ted talks about "making the world a better place" are just as shitty as the political ineffectuality, and equally responsible for gutting a healthy middle class + growing a poverty class.
Well, this sucks. I feel so badly for the children in this situation because daddy's a nutjob and mom is about to parrot his beliefs in order to hold things together, so they don't have a snowball's chance in hell of a normal childhood.

You can have the boundary that you don't want him in your life. Abandonment and neglect are abuse, and forcing inane ideas on children is bad. However, you are correct that you may completely lose your sister.

I'd reach out to her and tell her how you feel. Say you want to keep the connection between her and your nieces/ nephew open and be there for them, but you do not want to see Bruce. Ask her to work with you on this- maybe you can set up a monthly visit between you, her and the kids, but let her know you can't stand to be around him after what he did.
No, he won't have to walk out again, because now he has the threat to hold over his wife. OP is right, the wife will move closer to her husband's crazy positions in the future and accept the next layer of crazy that comes along in order to keep the family together. 

Doesn't mean OP has to be around to witness it.
In Altadena several years ago people began tying them to this tree at the beginning of the trailhead–– w*hen there were garbage cans nearby*. It was just awful to see this poor disgusting poop tree. Humanity really is a bag of turds sometimes.
You are going to be losing a 2.2% mortgage rate, so look at what your monthly will be on the new house at a 7% rate, unless you find an ARMS 7/1 that starts at 5%. Lower property taxes won't mean much when you're monthly payments can go up significantly.

You don't say how long you've been in the new house, but less than 5 years and you are also eating the closing costs on that place.

You can put in an offer with a home sale contingency- offer is based on you selling your new home & they may accept it, but look at the current comps where you are. Have house sales slowed down even if the price hasn't? Things aren't moving in a week anymore unless you are in the NE. So the contingency may mean if your home doesn't sell within x amount of time, the sale falls through. 

Mostly what strikes me is 1). you haven't even seen the house yet. 2) you want to do this partially for your wealthy parents so they have an in-law on your property. You'd be screwing up your own finances to find a property to help them, then I would pause button this whole thing. Work on your current home and make it something you like more despite the area. Have a discussion with your husband first and your parents second. If you are all really that close and your husband is comfortable with the idea as well, then maybe in a few years after you've been at your current home for 5 years, they help with the purchase of a larger property so they can have the in-law. 

I hate my first home, it is a thing that happens. The best thing you can do is learn from that process and not rush back out and make similar mistakes
I'm glad you got that moment of closure.
If it had a funky smell then that would be a no from me.

New carpets/ flooring can off-gas, but off-gassing is a much different smell than *funky.* It's usually like scented chemicals. Funky implies rotted BO with an earthiness, which makes me think exploded body rot.

A new carpet flooring rolled out over subflooring that wasn't replaced so it still has body-rot-juice in it?? Nooooope.

If they wanted to sell they should have industrial-ozone treated the whole place first. My fear with funky smells is that in heat or summer or damp they just get funkier.
It was also a This American Life episode about a guy whose job it was to go into homes and clean up after dead bodies.
Honestly think cops should be required to complete a 2 year Associate's degree from community college BEFORE being allowed to enroll in the police academy.

If anything, it would weed out a lot of lazier contenders. For the salary and the responsibility, there should be a few more hoops to jump through & they can take some classes in social work, community building, de-escalation, how to talk to the public who pay their salaries, etc. Basically any issues currently in their current training.

Most firefighters if they want to rise up in their careers need a fire science - either 2 year or 4 year- degree. Not required but to get to captain or other positions it's really needed.
You are probably out of luck legally because it seems like a grey area- could fall under emergency maintenance. Besides that, what are you going to do anyway? Sue over them entering to replace a fire alarm? I agree though that it is an ineffectual & inconvenient way for them to handle it. 

I'd try one more tactic with your landlord. Let them know politely that in order to not disturb your working hours, would the landlord please allow you to contact the outside company to directly so you can request from them a day's alert before they are arriving- in order to adjust your work schedule.

You can also let them know that you are concerned about reasonable privacy- workers entering your unit without warning while you may be indisposed. Ask if they will have keys or be alerting tenants to their arrival.
LA is pretty much city to city, so while Santa Monica is starting to be proactive plenty of other parts of the county aren't. 

I'm interested to see if in a year or two there is any significant decline of airbnbs or not in the areas where ordinances have passed.
They are cheap & have been for decades. If that were the case it would have happened. 

They are left as part of a Golden Visa program which grants citizenship if they are redeveloped.
There is still a part of the Golden Visa that says if you buy and renovate a neglected building in Lisbon, Portos, etc. it's a path to citizenship. I have no idea how it plays into short term rentals, but they can be rented out as long term rentals. 

Part of the issue even here in the US isn't just the housing shortage, it's that communities with a high number of transient lodgers aren't great for neighborhoods. 

They aren't locking the out, but capping them due to oversaturation so grandfathered in ones are ok, but no new ones. I think it is smart because neighborhoods over-saturated in airbnbs and STR do change for the worse. 

Also, foreign owners pocketing tourist money does nothing for the country. I wish the US would limit the amount of housing non-US citizens who live elsewhere could buy. Our housing shortage issue is a mix of zoning law issues, underbuilding new developments, STR, corporate ibuyers, and foreign money buying US property as "investment" (often to park money as a tax haven outside of their own country).
>Like do I even want my masters even though I’ll make a lot more money?

Yes, you do. Same way you don't expect him at a year to pay more than half the rent or take on your finances, then neither you nor he shouldn't expect you at the one-year point to give up on significant career goals.
Is it being enforced though? 

Every city in CA that passed ordinances to try and curb STR and Airbnbs doesn't seem to enforce them, and Airbnb does zero enforcement, so illegal ones are still doing business.
Yes, but some countries are trying to do something about it due to housing crises. Portugal just passed laws to ban any more new STR properties in urban centers. 

In the US some counties have passed ordinances, but in places like Southern California, no one enforces them so it's all toothless.
Okay, so here's how a letter *could maybe* help. 

Their realtor isn't actually going to show them the letter in order to protect their client from discrimination accusations. But, if the letter sways their realtor that you are a highly committed buyer who isn't going to back out of escrow because you are willing to sacrifice your first-born baby for this house blah blah blah, the realtor may explain to the client you are a strong contender even with a slightly lower offer. 

Also, a smart seller won't look at the largest offer but the strongest in terms of downpayment, financing, buyers' supposed commitment to not getting cold feet etc. 

I personally hate the entire love-letter thing. Imo it's a business transaction and it's another BS hoop to jump through, but if you love the house just do it. 

Put another way, it can't hurt and honestly, if you don't get the place, keep the letter as a template for your next bid.
Something is bullshit. 

One, needing to pass on your genes is just.. weird. It's one thing to want a baby, it's another thing to think your superior genetics must be floating around in the world for you to sleep well at night. 

Secondly, no one in their right mind would be donating sperm or eggs all of a sudden without discussing it with a partner. 

He either sold sperm to make some money and is embarrassed, or he cheated and got someone preggers. 

If he wants there to be any chance at reconciliation he needs to explain this way better.
I can't speak to the Intellipure. I know I researched, read reviews, etc. several years back. My Austin Air got me through several miserable fire seasons in California. I also had a high end Blue Air that was incredible at whisking away all kitchen smells almost instantly, but they now seem to put more into their low-end models than the really nice ones they made 5+ years ago.

The Austin is nothing fancy and it is noisy on high, but I think it may have the most carbon + hepa + other filters inside for its size and price range. I also liked that due to the amount of filtration inside it, the need to replace filters is less frequent. 

Good luck & congrats on the house
Sounds like they were trained to expand their business by pestering former clients in order to get referrals. Thing is, no one likes this level of intensity. Get rid of them clearly and do them a favor and let them know their business technique is backfiring:

*Hey, you were a great realtor at the time we bought this house, but your current tactic of dropping by unannounced or not taking a hint when I don't respond to calls is turning into harassment. Please refrain from future contact and let us enjoy our home in peace.* 

Sending you a Christmas Card once a year really should be the only contact a year after a sale is complete.
Get a high-end air purifier like Austin Air and run it for several days on high. Also replace carbon monoxide alarm.

It could be the cleaners used, the fungi, carbon monoxide poisoning, any one of those things.  I get a headache after being in Bed Bath and Beyond for more than 15 minutes from the intense potpourri scent everywhere, so it could be as simple as you are sensitive to chemical fragrance smells and once the scented cleaning agents have faded you will be fine.
>despite their drafter’s calculations for the span that the porch and the redone footings indicating sufficient support for the heavier sliding door

Was this a design-build company? Sounds like they made a boo-boo in their calculations and are now trying to scare you into letting them cut corners in order to let their error slide (pardon the door pun).

I'd rethink the door choice. You are stuck with them since you already paid $$. But if I had a building attached to the side of my home I wanted to safely enjoy that already had a sinking issue, then, no I wouldn't let contractors cut official corners. 

Nevermind that if a neighbor decides they dislike you and reports it to the city/county & an inspector comes out, you will end up paying for permits and any redo to the foundation needed down the road.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

First off, he may feel this way because his depressive brain is telling him this, not because of anything you are actually doing or saying. 

But it can't hurt to ask him what makes him feel appreciated or part of? It may be as simple as joining you in a task, or just having a moment when he gets home to talk for a bit about your days etc. I think it can only strengthen your relationship to both get to feel appreciated & integral, & explore what makes you feel that way. With a new baby, it is easy for partners to forget each other over the emotional work the baby requires.
Thanks. Now, throughout the day I am probably going to have "assless chaps" in a sing-song voice popping up or looping in my brain. 

I also get a new filler word every so often. It's usually an adverb phrase at the start of any thought. For a long time it was *"Well, technically speaking"*  In emails and writing I can see it and edit it out, but when conversating it will start driving me up a wall, but I need it to start my thought.
I would repeat what you heard her say and then ask her to clarify.

Sometimes we hear things weird, some times therapists put things badly, very badly in this case. And, some times therapists are just completely wrong, had a bad moment, and effed up.

How they respond tells you a lot about how good they are at their job to continue working with. 

I would address the two issues with her statement if that is what she meant: she should not be telling you what to do in the future in terms of who to date, and what she said reflects back onto you and makes you feel like people shouldn't be dating you because of your diagnosis. 

If you otherwise really like this therapist it is worth bringing up in session. At the very least moments like this have helped me get through conflict resolution with someone. And, the discussion may further reveal that maybe she's not a great therapist for ADHD issues.
I'd talk to some doctors who have been working in the specific field of medicine you are interested in- informational interviews- and really ask what's changed in their fields, quality of life issues, etc. 

Also, even with FI, can you afford the cost of medical school without loans?

Is there a niche field close to medicine that would fufill the same desire? Starting a non-profit that helped with medical issues would use your background better but also move you closer into the field that interested you without 10+ years of student, attending, etc. 

Going back to school as an adult is never a waste imo if you can financially swing it. But I think there are some fields going through intense burn-out right now (nursing, medicine in general, teaching) for really good reasons. 

If I were in your shoes I'd switch careers and pursue something that interested me, but I'd also weigh the amount of schooling and years in training needed.
First off, don't sell your place. If you really want to move ahead with cohabitation, can you rent your place out?

If you sell now there is a possibility of not being able to get back into the housing market. Think of it this way you are 41 now, if living together with someone you've had a shaky relationship with doesn't work out, do you want to go back to renting at 50?

Also by 50, even if we as women eat well & exercise, most of us will get hit during menopause with *some* weight gain. Unless you are genetically built to be skinny or one of those people willing to never eat bread and do 5 hours of pilates a day, it's just a fact of life. One that shouldn't be something you have to fear will cause you to lose a partner. 

You're going to have to bring up the list. You weren't snooping and he kept it this whole time & if you don't have a brutally honest discussion, it will impact things. 

Also highly suggest thinking about why you are doing all the life-compromising in this move.
If she did not explicitly ask you then no, you should not go. 

While everyone gets a reprieve for how they communicate when grieving, and she may have been handling her stepdad's decline when she was "busy" before his death, right now isn't the time to ask her for clarity. The clarity is in the fact that she's not reaching out.

You already sent condolences, so send flowers and work on your own stuff. It sounds like you two have broken up.
So, she's raising him to be a narcissist. When he's old enough to disappoint her that he's not Jesus then she'll begin to abuse him.
When could you see yourself considering it or being open to talking seriously about marriage? After a year, two years- 5?

I'd tell her you feel like you are both compatible and you would be open to discussing it in \_\_\_\_ amount of time. Just share your schedule and be honest. Tell her as much as you feel you are both heading that way, the jokes are starting to give you anxiety because you are not quite at that point, but want to revisit it with her. 

She may want to end things, as is her right, if your timelines really don't match up. But, in your 30s, you both should be able to handle a serious conversation about what your goals are.
Sooo, you are a better person than your co-workers. 

NG gave up a good thing because she can't handle peer pressure & is too insecure to stand up to them, and the rest of them sound like turds. 

We don't actually know what your coworkers told NG, just that she's either thoughtless enough or cruel to say that stuff to you.

Ask other women out outside of your job, & you'll find better. Keep your private life private and away from your work world. While it will likely blow over in time, now you know the type of people they are–– immature and insecure high school-level gossips who can only feel good about themselves by putting other's down.

Sorry that happened, OP, but I bet you'll find a better partner soon.
First off, congratulation on getting out- it's tough and you're brave. 

I imagine you care what other people think because so much of what he did in gaslighting you was make you question what *you* thought, and that his behavior was okay and you deserved it. Keep going to therapy. A real one, not a church therapist or counselor. 

Eventually with the right therapist believing you it can be enough to validate your lived experience so you can believe it. Meanwhile, make friends outside of the church where he is a pastor. Those people are conditioned to believe he's good/ you're bad because they need that to believe they're in a good church. Work on your own sense of self & find support away from that circle.

If you hear murmurs or rumors you are bad or to blame you can respond *"No one ever knows what goes on behind closed doors, so they should refrain from commenting."* This way you don't have to reveal details you feel won't be believed, and it shuts it down.
Friend, your 30s are not the time to start dating broke musicians, that's what your 20s were for.
I don't really think you messed up. A fan should be able to be run for an hour without the motor blowing, double pane windows should be sealed properly, and you have the right to a reasonable expectation of privacy when showering, although window curtains + open window is private and gets some steam out.
So once a double pane window gasket springs a leak it's likely impossible to repair. It's not like it's something you broke either, that's just an old window or cheap one. There's a sealant in there that over time breaks down.

Try to find a clear link that describes the problem. Do this in writing not verbally. Explain the seal on the window has deteriorated & the mold is inside the double pane. 

To be fair, the bathroom should have a strong enough ceiling fan and vent that you don't need a window and door open to take a normal-length shower.
If someone is emotionally unavailable but wanted to win someone's favor back by doing zero work on themselves, buying a box of stuff would be a great start. 

Obviously sending it back is expensive. Take the gifts, send him a nice thank you but also let him know you'd prefer not to receive any presents in the future where a nice card would do. No point in reopening the door. 

FYI whenever you break up with someone and finally start moving on, feeling good or hopeful again, 9 times out of 10 that's the exact moment the ex will pop up again in some way. I swear it's a test.
He's 7 years older than you. He gets drunk and acts like a rude disrespectful asshole, then he spins it around that he's pissed with you that you don't like his rude disrespectful behavior. 

If you are going to date someone older do it because you get along and they are emotionally mature & emotionally intelligent humans, not two 12-year-olds wearing a trench coat.
>Neither of us wanted a relationship, but we (maybe?) established that we were exclusive

Whaaat???

>my guy has never even taken me out for coffee

So you are exclusively having sex only, no romance, no dates, with some guy as a FWB thingie, but not dating and not in a relationship?

So, you are exclusive FWB? Just, don't do that. That sounds miserable. 

You are either exclusively *dating* someone, as in you go out together and do normal partner stuff + they are your only sexual partner. Or you are just sleeping with someone in a FWB situation where they have no say over who else you see.
You can try calling county mental health hotline and see if they will connect you to a caseworker who *may* come out and see if he's open to shelters, etc. Probably not with the meth thing going on. 

You could get motion sensor sprinklers to go off when someone walks on your front lawn area. 

Here's a list of resources, you will see there are some non-police numbers for[ mental health and mobile response teams](https://dontcallthepolice.com/los-angeles/) \- some county and some non-profit. First off I'd call LA County Health and open a case on him to start the ball rolling. 

*For LA County's Access Crisis Hotline*  
*24/7 Mobile Crisis Response team. ACCESS operates 24 hours/day, 7 days/week as the entry point for mental health services in Los Angeles County. Services include deployment of crisis evaluation teams, information and referrals, gatekeeping of acute inpatient psychiatric beds, interpreter services and patient transport.* ***Request Psychiatric Mobile Response team – team is made up of two DMH clinicians; law enforcement will be involved only if requested by clinicians based on danger assessment.***  
***1 (800) 854-7771 (Press 1 for crisis services)***  
*https://dmh.lacounty.gov/our-services/disaster-services/access-hotline/*

You say he is not aggressive and always goes away when you ask, so he's really not a violent threat, so he can't be "taken away" so to speak away from your neighborhood without his permission to go to a shelter or temp housing or treatment

It doesn't mean if meth is involved that he won't get a bit stabby, but I think your best bet is call the LA County Mental health # and try to get to a caseworker. If a caseworker makes contact with him, it is a loooong process, but housing or treatment can be offered and sometimes they can get them off the streets. 

Second best is temporarily make your front porch as non-inviting as possible, no chairs, cap spigot, motion sensor sprinklers. 

Unfortunately, once your home is chosen, it is very difficult to getting unchosen without investing a front yard fence and locked gate.
While there are plenty of small towns in Northern California where things can get weird, the fact that the lady and the dog had little to no reaction makes me think it was sound bouncing or echoing against something-- so when you and your sister heard it across the street you both heard it as warped.
wipe him down with a warm washcloth to get the oil off him so he doesn't lick it clean. Try mixing the kitten wet food with the kitten milk to see if that helps him get some down. 

There is a way to safely wash stray kittens, but no need to overstress him right now. Vet asap to get rid of worms/fleas. 

Such a good grump face.
Add it to salad dressings, make tzatziki, blend with fresh or frozen fruit then freeze to make popsicles.
The people in this thread including OP rationalizing what she did are really gross.

  
*"At one party, investigators said O’Connor* ***gave a boy a condom and pushed him into a bedroom where a girl was slipping in and out of consciousness.*** *The girl was so scared that she locked herself in a bathroom to get away from the boy. Another g****irl said she cried as she was sexually assaulted by a boy and O’Connor reacted by laughing.***  
***Some of the sexual encounters between teens happened in O’Connor’s hot tube while the mom was also in the hot tube.*** *One 14-year-old girl said she almost drowned because she was dangerously intoxicated. O’Connor was always the only adult present at the parties, Hanks wrote"*

*“(O’Connor) told all minors who attended parties at her residence or were given alcohol not to tell anyone about the parties. She stated if anyone was told she could go to jail,” Hanks wrote.* 

*“(O’Connor) believed Jane Doe 5 (age 14) was breaking this rule she imposed. As a result, (O’Connor) threatened to spread rumors about Jane Doe 5.* 

She threatened a 14 year old girl to spread rumors if she reported what happened? Multiple teen girls from age 13-15 came forward to collaborate. The woman is a child sex predator. 

If you think this is some mom wanting to have fun, please never have kids. 

[https://www.kron4.com/news/bay-area/investigators-suspect-more-teens-may-have-been-victimized-at-bay-area-moms-sex-parties/](https://www.kron4.com/news/bay-area/investigators-suspect-more-teens-may-have-been-victimized-at-bay-area-moms-sex-parties/)
Dude. She got girls drunk, then when they were passed out she brought the boys into where they were passed & encouraged them to rape them.. what the fuck are you trying to defend you weird sicko? None of this is like a parent giving kids booze and condoms.
She didn't "encourage drunk kids to have sex" she got teenager girls drunk to the point they were in and out of consciousness then encouraged her son and friends to rape them. 

She then fled the state. 

Why minimize? Rape is a violent crime, btw. And, yeah kids party and have sex,  & parents have bought teens booze to drink (not a big deal in my opinion) but being the consigliere to help assist in sexual assault is completely abhorrent predatory behavior.
>Has been caught alone with my toddler in her room several times.  
Has been caught alone with my toddler in her bathroom SEVERAL times (while indecent)

I would have called the police or still call and start a paper trail in case she escalates her behavior & you need a restraining order. This is a disturbed individual and you definitely never should have let her be in your home after the first incident. 

>I am a push over and let ppl take advantage of me bc I don’t like confrontation)

My friend. Therapy. Lear to speak up. This was beyond being a doormat or a pushover, you endangered your kid with an unhinged individual in your home.
Be polite, firm, and cut ties.

Wanting flowers from your garden that you paid for & now own is a huge overstep, so these are the types to view themselves as still entitled to a home they sold.

I had similar with the first house I bought. I put up with it somewhat because I wanted to be able to address any questions but the guy actually did not give me good info over time & felt like he still had some connection to the home. Older invasive personality type. I should have shut it down.

Lesson learned: any questions after I buy go I will go back to my agent and ask them to follow up with the seller agent even a few months down the road. The agent made decent money off the sale and wants referrals from me, so they can field a few emails for me as a buffer. If a few months have passed by then it's on me to do the legwork and figure out any previous work.
I'm convinced that all home warranty companies only outsource to 1-star repair companies intentionally so they never have to pay to fix. Like they scour google looking for repair people who have all bad reviews. This way the insured person will get fed up after 1 or 2 go-arounds and pay for it themselves. As you are.

You are better off going through the original warranty on the appliance or replacing it if it's out of warranty.
Look, I am someone who strongly believes that a fetus is not a human, and early termination is 100% okay thing to have to happen. It's not okay to repetitively use abortion instead of practicing safe sex and birth control, but that's not what happened here.

Know that when you are making the right choice for you, you are making the right choice for what is currently part of your body. Seek normal counseling (be very careful about pro-life centers offering fake counseling) to deal with any emotional fallout, but whatever your gut instincts tell you you need to do, you can trust your insticts are right.
You are in Seattle but in CA it is like this:

*Landlord Must Accept First Qualified Applicant – The 2012 Fair Housing Handbook of California says on page 24, “The landlord should take the time to check out the information and make a selection based on the first qualified applicant(s),” although there is no statute to support this. It’s recommended but not law.*

Basically, even if it is Seattle law, it's got no real way of being enforced. While they are only taking Zillow applications, they can also claim someone was there before you and gave them an in-person application and you have no real way of disputing it.

If they didn't receive the credit report they can use that reason, so I would resolve the issue with Experian or get pdf from Experian or Transunion, since those are more official than credit karma.

edit- if your main concern is how long to reach back out, check in by end of day today and ask if the credit report still qualifies you or if they'd like to receive something from the other two. If they only take messages through Zillow they should be checking it once a day, at least. Being too eager but polite isn't a crime.
First off, I am sorry for your loss, but, you are going to have to forgive yourself, and in a way you owe the friend an apology for putting her in this situation. 

If one dog is aggressive & reactive to the point of fighting that dog needs training. Just keeping two dogs who live in the same household separated was never a tenable long-term situation. At the very least, have them house-sat separately when away. Because an untrained reactive dog left without its owner that was the moment it was going to happen.
Forward the email to the PM, cc' all parties on the lease & write at the top **PM is handling this unit. For legal purposes please keep all communication with the correct party. I will not be responding to any future correspondence.** 

Block and live your life. You are paying the PM to deal. In the future, with asshole people, never be generous because it's never enough.
If you are in therapy, talk to your therapist. If you are not in therapy, get into therapy. 

Someone taking no action to change the cycle or help themselves is difficult to observe. Someone taking even baby-steps to get out of where they are at makes it much easier for a partner to cope.

Can you rectify the situation? Yes, with the right person you can. It will take some active listening and being vulnerable and honest without *dumping* on them. *"I know I've been hard to live with and you've taken the brunt of where I am at right now. Can I do something small or can we plan something fun and not heacy to help us both have some relief? I am working on looking to get myself help."*

Problem is that's hard to do when you're depressed. So that is why you need to be seeking outside help to get yourself there.
that poor monstera has already seen some things.
If you are with someone who puts you down and makes you feel bad about yourself for something as innate as how you speak, you are with a bad person. Relationships should (in theory) be with people who lift us up. You deserve better.

edit for non-UK dwellers, he is basically telling her she sounds working-class or lower-class. Dude's a little twat.
I vote it's fake, but well-written revenge fantasy.

>Does Sally has no shame? I said enough is enough. My parents need to see what kind of person **Maya** is. 

OOP meant to write what kind of person *Sally* is, but lost track of the character list. I'd say that's just a mix-up, but given how much resentment the entire saga is about how horrific Sally is, kinda weird to suddenly forget Sally's name there.
As someone who has lived in both, the US is still probably much faster paced than the grinding slowness of the UK, but know that some systems are pretty effed here post-pandemic. While it's not the bureaucratic or the old-timey "some things still only exist in a paper trail/ call your solicitor" slowness there, supply chain issues have caused a lot of issues in almost all industries from construction, appliances, cars, to even restaurants. And, pretty much universally hearing that from the cheapy HMOs to even higher-end private medical care there is a burnout factor- medical professionals in certain fields seem less care-oriented, getting appointments has become difficult, and everywhere is understaffed from the great resignation. Also, much higher increase across the country in car accidents and fatalities. Americans completely forgot how to even pretend like they care when driving. 

Still, what we don't have in easy access to great produce and meat & delightfully named cookies (biscuits), we make up in 24 hour grocers with 10-15 types of frozen pizzas :)
If the suicidal thoughts continue call or text someone at the hotline [https://988lifeline.org/](https://988lifeline.org/)

Your life is easily worth more than $5000 +/- and you have a kid, so that's the number one priority. 

Number two priority, if you had a therapist, call them or go to a meeting- get some help for staying sober. If you have friends or family that you trust who are a good support system, tell them what is going on. 

Your financial mess-up isn't the worst, by a long shot. Get your mental health squared away first.
So, some community colleges have a program where you can study abroad for a semester. It's not the same as enrolling in a European university, but with a 2.3 GPA that's really your only path. 

But, a better focus would be to keep going to the community college you are at, start attending the tutoring center for assistance in the classes you are struggling in, then transfer to a decent 4 year school that has a study abroad program. Until you deal with what's causing the low grades- distractions, time management, learning issues, an overseas trip isn't going to make you a better student.
Unacceptable, especially pic 2 and 3. They did such a crap job I'd be worried if they know how to do it right? Send pics to the owner if he or she had a crew, & ask for different people to come back to fix it.
When say put your foot down do you mean floor it? Like push down fast and all the way to the floor with the gas pedal? Because I basically have avoided that after the first few lurches. If I press down smoothly & not too fast I have no problem with smooth acceleration. 

Look up "Subaru throttle calibration" on the subaru outback forums. There's some calibration you can do at home. Or, the second thing is you can have the dealer reset the adaptive memory when it comes to "shifting" and the car learning how aggressive/subdued the driver is. From my basic understanding, the first 1000 miles is you kinda training the car to handle various driving situations, so it's good to avoid flooring it during that period. 

Again-  just trying to learn the nuances myself.
>Hubs really wants to move to a cheaper state where we will have no income tax

Make sure he looks into the cost of *property taxes* in the new state. Lots of CA residents moved to cheaper regions only to realize property taxes are much higher even if cost of housing is lower. 

Anyway, as for the rest of it, sounds like the new home ticks all your boxes, and CA housing is never that hard hit even in a recession. What drops comes back fairly quickly, so if you plan on this to be a forever home or even your next 5-7 year home, you will make it back in equity & increased property values down the road.
Still trying to figure it out, so take with a grain of salt.

I have the XT. If I am already at 2000 rpm and then trying to get up to higher speed, everything goes very smoothly. 

If I am, oh, trying to run through a yellow light (has happened a few times) and floored it  last minute to get through, then there was a weird pause (almost like the car is thinking about which gear it wants) then a high lurch forward. 

Basically if I am very smooth on the throttle and never lead foot the gas pedal all the way to floor, there is a fairly smooth response in getting up to speed. Anytime I am running around in traffic then suddenly want an immediate speed up- bad response.
I know. What does he expect tenants with IBS to do- hold it?
Seconded for Michael Sealy. I forgot about him, he got me through some rough sleep periods.
You may be able to make enough of a stink (pardon the pun) to get out of your lease if it's a big concern for you & you are having physical symptoms.

You can avoid the $750 fee and find online labs that will send you a few petri dishes you leave out in various rooms then mail back to their lab for an assessment for about $100. Is it the most reliable/ sensitive? Nope, but if there really is enough mold to be making that kind of smell, something will likely show in the report. I was getting sick at a place next to a dry cleaners, and the company report showed a whole host of chemicals used in dry cleaning and mold in the air in my apartment, so they did okay.
She doesn't need a boyfriend, she needs a treatment center to dry out in, 30 days sober with meetings and a support group, and to want to do that on her own. You can't make her. Unless you actually do leave (because without help she's going to be drinking again) you are going to keep moving the goalposts and are currently her enabler. 

Go to Al-anon and learn about co-dependency.
Eh, at some point especially in your 20s you realize some friend groups aren't meant to last forever. The selling you out for clout part bugged me. Not 100% even sure what that means, but it sounds like they put you down to make them look better. That's just shitty behavior. 

Focus on the new people in your life. If there's someone in the group you especially like or felt really close to in the past, you can have a one-on-one with them and tell them how you feel. But focus on new people near where you live, explore your interests, and expand your circles. Never make more effort for people than they are showing you they want to make for you.
Yeah, I have ADHD, was a hot mess at 25, but held down a job. And I sure as hell didn't have a kid, but if I was away from my pet rabbit that I loved I thought about him all the time. Out of sight/ out of mind is an excuse he's using to be a horrific emotionally negligent dad. 

While it's always a spectrum, you are dating a man-child who is weaponizing a disability to be coddled for his entire life. ADHD grants you the right to accommodations in the workplace or school, & should be given empathy for someone who is struggling–– but someone who is struggling should be getting themselves help. 

He's not struggling, he's just committed to a life being a lump on a stick & arranging people around him who will enable those life goals.

You can break up with people for any reason.
Part of the issue with SF, East Bay and South Bay is as soon as you go under 1M you are competing with a really high pool of buyers. 

From my non-scientific study (checking Redfin), homes priced at 1.5M & up that are still really starter house range (size, age, condition) now *sit* longer. Although they still eventually move, maybe a little lower than asking sometimes over. 

Otherwise, yeah, I am not really seeing the crash the west coast is supposedly having in Northern or Southern CA.
Have the family member ask their doctor. Make sure they tell them it's for if and when it is terminal, but that they'd like to know the process. 

My friend chose this option when she had tried multiple treatments for bone cancer for 4 years. She had options to do it at home, but in the end, they went to UCLA, she had a nice private room, and she passed there. The main thing I recall is that she had to take the medication herself, no one could administer it to her & it was not instantaneous though she went out of consciousness within an hour.
to be fair, in the current market homebuying is the one situation where an emotional support animal makes sense.
look Oregon trail millennials- a microgeneration of millennials who would have been teens in the early 2000s. For most of them, there would be a computer at school, the public library, and maybe they had a friend who had one, but the internet didn't impact an average teenager's daily life in any significant way.
Tell him to shut up and get over himself. His behavior is completely unacceptable & you won't tolerate being spoken to like that. 

He knows you love the dog so he's dragging you over hot coals and you feel like crud about the dog so some part of your brain believes him. Don't. It's a totally normal dog owner mistake.
Wonder if suburban/urban wildlife ever thinks, "Oh, I could never move out to the countryside, I'd be so bored- no cars to dodge and the lack of fine dumpster dining alone."
ketamine enlightenment aficionado
Question: has she said or done things in front of you that were rude & disrespectful?

It's not that I wouldn't believe his twin & cousin, but when you are bringing up an issue with someone or their significant other, it is best to keep it to the stuff you've been subject to or observed, otherwise, you don't have as strong an argument. They can claim a misunderstanding or misinterpretation and you weren't there to combat that. 

And it is fair game to tell him what you think based on your experience.
If you are considering it, ask him what changed. His reply may tell you a lot. In the end, trust your gut & how you feel.
Watch a bunch of film and tv from that era. Friends and Seinfield don't count. Tons of art house and indie films made in the 90s captured cultural attitudes & the nihilistic weirdness better. Hackers, Party Girl, Slackers, Office Space, My Own Private Idaho, Night on Earth. Some documentaries do a great job of getting the feel of what was culturally shifting.

The internet did not dominate people's lives. Cell phones and car phones were huge (edit huge as in they were physically big but not comon) and people who had them were considered self-important or trying to show off. Doctors and drug dealers carried beepers. Answering machines could eat an important message, you would never know who called. Mixed tapes still happened and were works of art.

It wasn't really into Y2K that people outside of Silicon Valley and specific industries developed awareness of what we had just lived through and what the future would be like, & how globalized things were. NATO expansion was happening after the fall of the Soviet Union, late 90s WTO protests.. Good luck.
For resale
*fucking Julians* is why I hesitate to buy current new builds & would never waive an inspection on any property. Everything is surface pretty with used cardboard and duct tape underneath.
Pro: they have their rent covered & it is paid directly to the landlord from the program.

I believe, however (double check), it is up to a landlord to agree to accept housing vouchers or not.
the nice thing is doesn't it feel like *whoa, free shoes*?
You were approved on paper at one rate then the rate changes and the buyer can't make the monthly payments, as you get closer to closing escrow the mortgage lender can ask for more paperwork that screws things up, buyer made a large purchase during escrow, never got pre-approval for the mortgage and then are denied, issues with the home like easements or property lines discovered, issues with the title/deed that aren't discovered until escrow, buyer got cold feet, tons of reasons.
>They can afford rent 

Then they can rent from a different person.
this guy worked at a very specific laboratory for NASA, and I wouldn't let him change the oil in my car.
Replace your own lightbulbs or a dead battery? Yes, please. 

Plumbing, electrical, or any form of maintenance that involves a power drill? ––No, thanks.
Outback drives and feels like a sedan when you are in it. Forester definitely drives more like a truck from a seating and height perspective.

Honestly could do with something in between a crosstrek and an outback in terms of a better quality interior crosstrek or a slightly smaller outback. But, given the size of every other car on the road where I am & how people drive now, I'd rather have the larger amount of steel between me and an SUV or a truck in case of an accident.
>Bonus points for Engineers. They fix everything themselves

Downvote. I bought a home from an engineer. He fixed everything himself and while it was all functional until it wasn't, every person who came to do a repair- electrical, plumbing, etc. would have a wtf moment trying to decipher what the hell he had done. 

Not to mention he spent a couple of decades doing his own interior design fixes like putting up his own crown molding and his own kitchen cabinets. I spent a few years sinking screws and puttying, calking and puttying, and generally trying to make semi-structurally sound improvements actually look decent. 

I called all the wtf's "Neds" after him. *Why does the kitchen wall tile backsplash parallel the crooked floor instead of having been applied level? Oh, that's just a Ned.*
me trying to decide which name sounds inherently dirtier for a tree.
Don't respond, go about your life. Silent treatment is passive-aggressive abusive bullshit. People are allowed to say "I am angry and I need some space" but the cold shoulder and fuck off BS? Nope.

>I have a flight home in four weeks to renew my visa.

When you get home take several days to feel how it feels not to be living in a tense house with a partner who gives you the silent treatment over petty things. Really feel if you physically feel different- less stress in your body. Are you more relaxed? 

If the answer is yes to that you may want to stay in your home country a little bit longer..
>She keeps saying i love you and spending our lives together

After 4 months and only just meeting up in person?? She is in a honeymoon phase and loves the idea of you. Add to that the heightened intensity of intimacy from texting & talking for months. 

But, you don't even feel the honeymoon rush anymore, so cut it out now**.** Break up asap or it will get worse for her.

Everyone is different. Some people feel physical attraction from emotional intimacy, & some people need certain physical features in their partner to feel desire. You now know you need the physical aspect to be a certain way to desire someone, so don't do this long-distance thing again. You both built up an entire world without meeting in person, and it is always a risk to go that route. Can it work out? Sure, especially for people who primarily feel attraction via emotional and intellectual stimulation, and are less in need of a specific physical appearance.
Being out in the public sphere in New Orleans is a whole thing. 

It is the only city in the world where complete strangers would call out *'how you doin baby'* with that NO accent, and I'd be like 'how *you* doin?!' back –– totally charmed instead of wanting to hit them upside the head.

The rest of the south being friendly is bs. Everything is catty backtalk and *bless your heart* passive-aggressive BS, but NO does have real warmth to it despite all its issues. 

Flipside: complete randos ending up telling me their entire life stories, including inappropriate crazy ass details. And, while very interesting, it got a bit emotionally draining.
I don't suck in my stomach, but the not smiling is why I will never stop wearing masks in public spaces. My rbf is private.
even if 50% is true they are awful together and they aren't even in the same states as each other.
Could also be too much beta-carotene in the vitamins? It can cause a yellowish discoloration of the skin.

One is benign and will reverse as soon as he stops taking the vitamins, the other is life-endangering, so he needs to go to the doctor. 

How to get him to listen? No clue because the whole "I'm going to starve myself to get healthy" thing is already bananas unless a doctor was overseeing it.
Evil psychopath who convinced people she was a genius. 

Her idea would never work, she was told it would never work, then she went into smoke and mirrors con artist mode. She likely deluded herself, but not an actual genius.
>However, I know that there are some things that my wife would not open up about to a therapist. 

No, you don't. None of us are in other people's heads. Just because she's never fully opened up to you doesn't mean she wouldn't open up to a therapist. People are complicated and trauma can be very personal, but often it feels safer to explain it to an expert than it does sometimes to share with a partner. Especially if you are talking about childhood trauma that's now impacted her view of her own body.

&#x200B;

>Would I be COMPLETELY out of line

Yes. Don't try to start controlling her therapy before she's even started. Or set up a failure/ success dichotomy (if you don't tell them x then you won't have success in therapy- bad idea). Don't ask her what goes on during private sessions. Just tell her you support the idea that she wants to get help, make sure she can get to therapy easily on the days she has it, and be gentle and extra aware on those days to not overburden her.
Stop engaging. She's not pregnant she's creating drama and you're feeding it. You're a fixation of hers right now. Any response especially this type of reaction:

>I called her around 20 times

..is feeding the drama cycle of bs. You are acting as unhinged as she is by responding to a non-sensical statement (I have a belly button) like that. 

Take the lessons learned and walk away- no more contact.
Individual counseling. Getting jumped and assaulted is trauma, and you need to focus on your own recovery. As much as it seems like a double letdown- he both failed to protect you in the moment & then later wanted to abandon you a second time because of that failure- witness to violence is also a traumatic event. 

Just get some counseling for right now and heal. You can decide the fate of your relationship when you have some tools under your belt to cope with the immediate aftermath of the incident. Best wishes.
He's almost 40, his best friend is a *27-year-old* who is emotionally immature even for that age and plays mind games he enjoys (or he'd be setting the boundaries) and ...

&#x200B;

>He says she is too emotionally unstable to be in a relationship with.

...so if she gets her mental health together he'd be dating her.

You are a placeholder. After 3 months of being given second place during the honeymoon phase where you both should be having fun, you are mainly an invited audience member to watch their drama unfold. You shouldn't have to be explaining half of this to someone who just lost a previous relationship over the same issue. Walk away, friend.
I like it a lot. But, it's skulls. There are not a lot of ways to de-spooky the exposed head bones of dead animals on a black background?

If it was a larger still life of more objects, skulls, hat, flowers, wine, etc on a light background like a southwestern blue sky it would be less spooky. 

But with the way you've centered the skulls on a dark background I mostly want you to paint a moon above that is the light source for them, which is only going to spookify it more. I say embrace the tone that's created here :)
So the thing that doesn't make sense- the wife had an old prescription for Seroquel, meaning at one time she was prescribed antipsychotic medication and must have had at least one psychotic episode herself. Yet in the update post, she's described as confused and didn't know what was going on him.

Wouldn't the wife know what a psychotic episode looks like?
>you can at least ask what they'd be asking and tell them what you were thinking

Yes. Meant to be implied in the order of the sentence, but probably should have used "*then* tell them"- let owners go first.
looks like Monterey, CA- very beautiful
He makes major life decisions on a whim like buying a house, so yeah, why wouldn't he flip on other major life decisions like a long-term plan to move?

He's 7 years older than you and likes how he has his life arranged. If you want something different (moving to SF), then plan for it on your own. If you want to stay in the current situation (no real intent to change your relationship dynamic) then stay.
I don't know if it is a bad photo but that just looks like the slight damage from having a dresser against a wall- aka normal wear and tear. Try a magic eraser (melamine foam) on it.
*Hi, you know we love this house and our time here over the past 8 years, and you have been stellar landlords. As we eventually start our plans to buy our own first home we thought it worth asking if you'd ever consider selling to us?* 

Just keep it vague and polite and start a conversation. They can always say no, they may say yes. It's a no harm no foul situation if you make a polite inquiry. 

I'd have comps ready, know how much home you can buy and what sort of mortgage you'd be looking at, so if they do say yes you can at least ask what they'd be asking and tell them what you were thinking in terms of a solid offer.
You are way too invested in someone who has porous boundaries (as do you). You secretly hope you'll get back together, and she is using you as a safe person. 

She told you to leave her alone. Believe her and respect that. Stay professional at work. She'll probably reach back out when she needs another stand-in as a partner. You should move on and not reengage (although based on your behaviors in the post you likely will).
maybe, don't do that?
There are stories that use a lot of references to brands or companies (think American Psycho) & it is a stylistic choice- so it's constant throughout. 

While google is part of our daily lexicon it won't really be a word until the company itself has collapsed (may happen) or is replaced by stronger competition and people still use it to mean "searched online" 

I would use looked or searched online.
OP won't get their commission unless their clients pay over asking on one of the current crap-boxes available, so suck it up homebuyers!

They imply this is meant to be a public service announcement, but if they have multiple clients pulling out of sales at the last minute, I question how great of a realtor they are. Both in making sure the homes their clients are bidding on match the client's needs &  they are transparent on the process of closing.
Sounds like a combo platter of things: older population, older buildings (thin floors less insulation), and a possible sprinkling of very real xenophobia- especially as you feel it is coming from an older generation in general. 

Start your search for a top-story apartment. You've found coping mechanisms for now (headphones), maybe also find peaceful areas to work a few hours a day outside of your home to get a reprieve if you can. Then take your time and do a really long apartment search until you find something that covers everything you want- maybe looking at smaller buildings, top floor, etc.

As a noise-sensitive person I can tell you sounds coming through the floorboards never hit as badly as when there is banging over your head. Good luck.
I don't know, I'd prefer a tenant who wants to be cautious of what they are signing and take the time to read things thoroughly over one who signs a lease without reading it??

You could ask them what their specific questions and concerns are.

Explain that you prefer to give the lease to those that apply and qualify first, but I'd understand not wanting to pay an application fee if the lease has problematic clauses in it.
My god, this would horrify me. 

It's not even the food waste (though it is that) it's the pure decadence of it in search of... fame? Likes? Followers?

I get liking to cook, but a huge part of what makes cooking feel good (to most non-sociopaths) is the act of enjoying eating it, sharing it, or at least seeing someone else enjoy it. Even the most megalomaniac chefs in high-end restaurants want their art to be enjoyed. 

There's even been a movement in high-end food photography to promote less waste so it can be eaten after a photo shoot rather than get tossed.  

If his Instagram thing was making over-the-top food and having people over to enjoy it, I'd be okay with the charcuterie or the lobster or the Thanksgiving spread, but this is like a psychopathic level of removal from reality.
nice, very lush & beautiful up there.
Ooooh, what island or island groups may I ask?
I'd show her the box and ask her. Also check the box to see the manufacturing date- just in case she really hasn't cleaned her car in years.
I like the term and will continue using it. Maybe not on this sub for whatever reasons but quite frankly it is a much better descriptor.

I mean, fuck it, I'm not normal. Edited to add: and there's no inherent shame in that.
>He then said that any other women can do the exact same thing and that I’m nothing special. I was speechless. I know he’s right

Friend, he's not right. When someone loves and respects you, you aren't interchangeable with a bunch of other people because they love *you.*

He sees women as interchangeable objects for transactional exchanges. He'll help you out, but you are nothing to him big picture because he's incapable of it. You deserve so much better, even being on your own and struggling a bit is 1000% better than being with this hot bag of garbage.
Ah, yes. Thank you.
someone, please explain RVNCL7W to me because I'm stumped

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

>cat arrested.

way to blame the victim
I like it! Slightly bigger rug under the couch/ sitting area and then another rug by the stairway. Maybe tape off the floor and really see how large of rugs you'd want that could ground the space more??
Yeah, all of mine prospered very well for at least a few years until one day they didn't. It was like: 

*I'm alive!* 

*I'm alive!*

*I'm alive!*

*Oops, I died.*
what section of the country?
Well, at least we all know, yes, she likely was an awful parent based on that response. And, yes, a lot of your struggles were her fault- not your ADHD but her lack of empathetic response, her need to make everything about her, and her shitty emotional skills.

Keep up the therapy. Eventually, you will get to a place where you can  see your mom for the flawed person she is and won't need her support because you've learned how to support yourself, and you have learned you deserve safe people in your life. 

It's doable.
What part of the country? Is this east coast, that looks like a crapfest out there. 

I'm on west coast (where we are supposedly having a decline in prices) and it just seems like a locking pattern- not a lot on the market, what's on it is either in bad condition & sits, or in decent condition/ area still sells quickly over. Very little inventory because I think a lot of people have decided not to sell under current conditions (minus death or life moves).
Thanks for the input. What part of the UK are you in, if you don't mind saying?
Are you still going back to the UK frequently? If so, I have a question.. is the UK on the same path but a little less than the US?

I grew up in the US primarily but have a British passport and a US passport and have been thinking about moving to the UK. I haven't really spent any real time there since 2010 though & most of my family there (grandmother, uncle) have all passed now or moved away.

Post-Brexit, I am wondering if the UK is *that* much better off on social issues than the US??

I feel like the overturning of Roe v Wade, our higher amount of guns per capita, school shootings, high costs of medical care, failing infrastructure are all getting to me. And, I've had to deal with gun violence here (US) a few times in my work and old neighborhood.

But then I hear about the NHS getting defunded, nazis in the labor party and ukipers in the right, housing issues, gross inequity... I worry is the UK just a lesser degree of dystopia now?
I had a horrible emotional crash on Focalin and Ritalin, it made me extremely sad every evening when it wore off. Tell your prescribing doctor what's happening and ask them if you should continue or if they want to try a different medication.
Is your dog crate trained? That's the best way to stop him or her from barking when you are not home. The dog may not bark a lot when you are there but could have anxiety when you leave. Most of the time 10-20 minutes of non-stop barks will get a neighbor to report you.

I'd contact the office and let them know you are getting a camera to monitor the situation inside your home and are working on training to make sure the dog barks less. This way they know you take them seriously, but also that you will have a record of the dog's barking if they go further.
Get out, see if it has a collar with a phone number on it, call animal control, be a fucking semi-decent human???
Ooof, that's the worst.
Got it, thanks!!
Ah! Thank you. I was trying rotating and couldn't make it work.
You can certainly ask. You may get farther if you ask for a reduced fee and cite that no furniture will be moved in (if that is truly the case). It's a condo board, however, and they like their fees. If it is in the CC&R rules, regulations, and covenants then you don't have any right to a discount, but it can't hurt to try.
>Now they’re asking for another year.

Problem is you are dealing with "thin edge of the wedge" types who keep pushing the goalposts. 

Normally I'd suggest having tenants pay a percentage of back rent owed with each rent payment once they are back on their feet to prevent later problems. 

But for now just move forward with your goal. Talk to a RE lawyer in your area and find out what the *absolute proper steps* are for evictions are and proceed from there. You gave them a year, you've been more than flexible, and you don't want to be doing this, so you've acted above and beyond. 

As far as recouping losses down the road, sure small claims court- but if people have no money it's a lot of work for unlikely pay. Sometimes you just take a financial loss to learn a lesson. I wouldn't worry about that until the situation arises, I probably shouldn't have brought it up.
> as well as selling plasma

Not a solid long-term plan- you can only safely do that about once a month, and getting sick at any point in the year would make it more difficult. 

Unasked for financial advice: Fafsa to cover cost of school or textbooks, okay, but don't take out student loans to live beyond your means. You decide you don't like the program or drop out, you are on the line for those loans. Always try for the least amount of student loans possible. 

Look for a room-to-rent or small in-law situation based on your GI monthly housing allowance. You will have it a lot easier as a tenant in a private home than getting an apartment, depending on cost of living in the area.
>that’s already been reduced by a forfeit of the security deposit.

Just to prepare you- this is moving into eviction territory and you need to prepare yourself that the place will be trashed since they no longer have a security deposit on the line.
You are in your 30s, time to start wanting better for yourself.

I see all your excuses in the comments. Dude has a platonic love affair with another woman, he shows her more respect than he shows you, he shows his friends more respect than he shows you (he'll never date her because he's a friend's ex), & keeps convincing you are the one who is out of line.

The thing is we get to have boundaries, but if someone doesn't like our boundaries we get to see they aren't right for us. You have given him several chances to institute less intimacy with her, and each time he gets mad at you and/or calls you crazy?

You sound so insecure in this post- you aren't sure if you are wrong for feeling this way, etc. etc. You are allowing someone *to shout at you in public.* Yelling and calling you crazy is an unacceptable response, & berating someone in private or public is unacceptable behavior.

Your feelings are valid- how you and your partner handle them is what matters. You've gotten so brow beaten by this dynamic you are internalizing that wanting respect = you are in the wrong.
Okay, so what qualifies as low-income renter in the bill? 

Because if this is for people who qualify for Section 8 I can just see the unintended consequences of less section 8 housing being offered. If this is about income qualifications, then the same but it would be less clear cut (ie tenant moves in with a certain income then faces unemployment).
I'm in the south bay and dealing with a neglected rental property (trying to fix it up to better standards) for an elderly family member-- I'd love some good resources for making sure everything is on the up and up before I put it back up for rent, please.
Also, was just thinking that we tend to be on semi-higher alert when out in public, especially when you are a woman. But you want to be able to just relax by the time you make it into your apartment, shut the door, and lock it. 

Also, no one wants to be looking at their neighbors in their building and thinking *is this one going to go full shooter on us??*

I suppose more will come out later, but I really hope it wasn't a neighbor feud that went south. :(
>Several bullet holes were in the victim's front door. The rounds appeared to have been fired from the apartment located across the hall from the victim's.

Yee gods if it was a neighbor going postal. Somehow that's so much worse than your usual mugging or home invasion.
For a built-in bidet make sure you have a seal on the back of the seat (using your arse) and your knees clenched creating a total wall to block any spray. The secret is to try and use as low of pressure as you can at first & make sure you're aiming at the correct parts. Never go full force out the gate.
Legally I have no idea what your recourse is but I'd be looking at tenant right's groups in the area- they often have a lawyer you can at least consult with for no fees or email. If you are paying full rent they should be providing you with comparable housing (ie another unit that's similar not a hotel)

Asbestos mitigation can be anything from containment of a few air ducts to a full hazmat suit type jobby, and it takes time.  I looked up your address and unfortunately your building was built during the heyday of asbestos in everything from ceilings to floors. I'd be asking questions to find out if there even is a reasonable timeline for a fix. If they were waiting on the city/county to do a check, that makes sense that it took two weeks because the county moves slow. 

But it's kind of weird. Most of the asbestos from that period is in linoleum flooring or ceiling popcorn. It's technically not a hazard unless disturbed, so unless a bunch of major leaks popped up in units and the ceilings are falling apart.... I would be wondering if they are kicking tenants out to do a major remodel and up rents. That seems like a lot of mishagas to go through.
Friend, you need therapy if those two raised you. Bullying & harassing your grown child into dating someone is not normal. 

Also, you are so beat down from their controlling nature that you question your own gut instincts. Your gut instincts tell you the guy they want you to date has some core ideologies you disagree with, homophobic, thinks misogynists have some good points, critical of your work in a way that is unnecessary.

Parents start berating you, you learn to stand up to them, that doesn't work then you put them on information diets, give non-answers etc. until you can leave. 

Guys can be nice enough and also not the right romantic partner. No one manipulates or pushes you into dating someone. If you are questioning how you feel then you have every right to say no.

If you are emotionally numb it's not just your past romantic experiences, it's also the family home you are in.
Oh, he totally married his mother. That's why they hate each other.
>but she doesn’t want me seeing my family. Even my siblings which haven’t done anything are lumped into the same pot. The other day she told my daughter that my mother is not nice, and later that same day called her a F\*\*ing B\*\*h in front of the kids.

Honestly that's not your wife's call to make, and the way she's bringing the kids onto her side is gross on multiple levels. 

I don't know what your mom did, you don't really say, so she may be a real piece of work.. But between how your wife is handling it and the vague cheating you bring in at the end, I'd say right now you have more of a wife problem than a parent problem. 

How you move past it is some serious counseling with your wife about boundaries and supporting each other- that goes for her to support you as well. 

...Also, you may have just married your mother which would explain a lot.
>this is how "adults" argue 

Oh, look the 36 year old man is telling the woman 10 years younger than him how adult he is. 

Except adults and emotionally mature people actually regulate their emotions so that they can express frustration, or even anger, without yelling or being abusive. 

He's taking his bullshit out on you and it's damaging to you, it's damaging to your central nervous system & physical and psychological well-being. 

Develop a zero tolerance for tantrum-throwing adults, it's the best policy.
I would have left the drip system on a timer and then put in the lease that it is the tenant's responsibility to maintain the yard in good (alive) condition, however, the landlord will be by twice quarterly (or bimonthly) to do any larger maintenance projects.
Ya never know what someone else is going through. She may have deleted her entire account, she may be in her own downward shame spiral and unable to socialize but feels like she has to keep trying, or she may secretly have hated you for years (unlikely).

You seriously can't know anything other than this person dropped the ball on you, you made a good-faith effort to be in touch, and whatever is going on–– the most likely scenario is it has nothing to do with you.

Best path forward: Wish her well in your heart and if she does touch base be open to it
> I’m sick of walking on eggshells

If you are an adult and you feel you are walking on eggshells with your mom you have problems in the relationship. Therapy could really help. You basically need to get your own phone line, the "insane deal" is bullshit, and you instead are asking her permission. 

What you mom is doing is very controlling. You've been conditioned to just accept this "quirk" and call it overprotective but it is detrimental to your own sense of individualism and independence. 

Setting boundaries with a controlling person- even someone who does love you- takes a lot of growth. Again, either put your foot down and get your own phone line now, or go to therapy until you have the skill set to do so.
>once my business closes, there will be no landing place for me here in this city again. 

Honestly, you can never say never. You are only 27 (young!) and will have an acupuncture license when the next phase is through. I think you are convincing yourself it is over in order to "close the door" on this period. Albeit, cost of living and other things, you are likely correct- but you still never know 100%. 

You are making a really smart choice in terms of paying for school. So, keep that the focus. You are also choosing a path that will be less hard on your body, so those two points alone make it a smart move. 

It will make the current moment less stressful if you convince yourself of something different. *Maybe I'll be back here someday with a different career. Maybe I won't.* Meanwhile, spend a little time going around to your favorite parts of the city you are in and have a little goodbye ceremony time.
Honestly looking at your comments-- There is nothing a new different house is going to fix in this relationship that couldn't be fixed in your current situation *if he wanted to make it work.*

You keep saying you are thwarted in the home because it's his house, so there's this feeling like a new different home in both your names would give you equal say. If the relationship was working, it would work now through reasonable compromises where you are.

He has a home. He's not invested in buying a new home with you & he's making that clear. I suggest you start looking based on your own income at townhouses condos and smaller places. 

If you don't want your life on hold then move it ahead. 

If you do buy together talk to a lawyer because you are setting yourself up without some sort of agreement in place if the relationship doesn't work out long term and you aren't married.
>I have gotten hints that she might not attend and honestly that would be a breaking point in our relationship for me. 

I hate to say it but... she's not coming to your wedding. No one goes through 3 years of being a shut-in to decide their first foray into the world will be airplane travel and attending a large party. Sorry. 

While it sounds like a combo of agoraphobia mixing with real-world events, I don't think this is your problem to fix. You have to move into acceptance while hoping she decides this is something she herself wants to fix. 

I think a lot of people discovered that they preferred the quiet and the lack of social pressures during lockdown. Some of it can be mental health, but some of it can be that this is actually a preferred lifestyle for her & covid is the excuse to keep it going. But that's for her to fix in therapy and first she has to want to fix it.
It's always going to be a slight game of Russian Roulette. Most people will be fine, miserably sick for a few weeks to a month, but otherwise fine.

Her friend's fear of Long Covid is a valid enough concern- in that she isn't wrong that it is a possibility. We don't have enough data to know why some people get it and some don't. 

Though the two people I know with long term symptoms got it back before vaccines, so I wish there was more information made public on how well vaccines prevent it.
Beautiful!! did you use a stencil or freehand?
>He uses it and then 3 minutes later he uses it again.

THat's absolutely not normal and indicates a urinary track issue. He needs to be checked by a vet.
>like I’m some culinary assassin.

Uh, you are not the assassin here– he's the one who may have killed you.
The best times to negotiate on rents are situations like early days of the pandemic or during a bad economic downturn like 2008.

If the landlord can easily get what he or she wants to raise the rent to from a new tenant, you do not have a ton of power unless you are a good, long-term tenant with a known track record with them.

Read up on what is and isn't covered under rent control in California.

edit- oh, I see it is a house. I would not try to negotiate rent increase on a freestanding home in CA. Unfortunately for you free standing homes are not under rent control- which means the owner can actually yonk your rent up to whatever amount they want with no caps. 8% is common amount for a rent control unit during high inflation, so they'd stayed within the realm of decent.
A visa gift card can be used anywhere, so that makes the most sense to me.
>I work from home and enjoy an empty house.

Then you really shouldn't really be subleasing to a roommate if you want to control the times of day they are in the home. 

I don't know why any of that sounds not on the "up and up" so unless mysterious Russian men are dropping off large packages at weird hours or a parole officer is making unannounced visits, you have a clean courteous tenant who pays rent on time.
Not to victim blame that counter, but a wood countertop in a rental is kinda asking for it..
Look, when I clear a level in 2 dots and it responds with *Brilliant!* or *Genius!* I say thank you out loud. 

I currently have positive accountability with someone (texting on a daily goal and receiving positive short replies), but I like this almost better. I'll see if it keeps working. Nicely done!
I am of the school of thought that no one should ever presume common sense (sorry OP) and that one of the issues with running a short-term rental is you will get a high number of people coming through, therefore you need to clearly and concisely reiterate any caretaking you want them to do while they stay. This includes how to operate any large appliances that aren't common. 

There should have been either a sign by the tub or instructions in the place for use and care. Every public hot tub or sauna I've gone to has some sort of instruction and disclaimers posted. 

Personally, that much damage from a storm... I think they are yanking your chain & most of that sounds like yearly maintenance they should be on the hook–– for unless a gaint hairball the size of a small baby flew into a tub during the storm. 

I'd push back and escalate it through airbnb. You could always offer to pay half, but I don't think you should.
I will only accept the advert that defines ADHD types incorrectly by animals.

Even then my type is a monkey who plays a constant tambourine but will stop suddenly to pet a dog & can hyper-organize a friend's spice rack by usage and country while stop/starting a new craft. And that one is sadly missing.
You can still reach out to them via email that you will be using them as a reference and put their info plus dates of when you lived there down for any application, and it is up to the new landlord to contact them.

Any school/work employment or mentors you can use as a character reference? Even a babysitting job..

The reason I say start by looking for shared housing or someone renting out a room is they are more likely to run on meeting you and liking you than a paper trail of references.

I'd look for facebook or reddit groups for the town you are moving to and post a few questions how people find shared housing there. Also worth asking the company where you are starting what they recommend. Perfectly fair inquiry as a new employee who is relocating. 

edit: and be very wary of scammers or people wanting to secure housing via facetime- in person only.
>finally realises all he wants is me

Took him 14 years to get there?

&#x200B;

>He did resent me but no longer does!! 

Amazing. No therapy, no reflection on his behavior. All it took was you really taking measures to separate and now his resentments (aka excuses for being abusive) all went poof. So, if you choose to go back in and stay, trust that all those resentments will be coming back. They only disappear if he thinks he's losing you. 

&#x200B;

>Unfortunately we have to live in the same house and he has been smothering me with apology texts and looking for ‘cheat’ hugs! 

If this were me I'd use this short vacation away to put some effort into having breathing room, and a lot of effort into figuring how to get out of the home. 

The next few months will be him on best behavior with reoccurring lapses like the air tag. He wants you to stay. You will either be tempted to because you will get worn down, or you will continue to try and separate. Being in a home with an abusive partner who you are trying to leave is an unsafe place to be.
First off, you had a traumatic incident that has shifted how safe you feel in the world. Therapy can really help process that and I highly recommend looking into it. I don't think you ever have to go back to trusting total strangers with open doors, but it may help skew the negativity around people you now feel more focused on.

Secondly, for all his talk about values, your boyfriend lacks empathy where it matters- to you. There's something off about seeing himself as this generous welcoming person to strangers when he can't be bothered to give that same empathy to his own significant other. He's putting his personal ideology over your physical sense of safety. 

So, yeah, you maybe don't have "values" that align, but his are in no way superior despite how it sounds like he's viewing himself.
It's disrespectful to you and disrespectful to her. He sees the value in women as objects. Also, the fact that his friend group accepts that's a cool way to speak about another woman and to treat you is pretty gross too.
As a curly hair, the daily brushing... oooof. Way to create a non-stop cycle of frizzzzzy.
If she voices she doesn't like it and his response is to ignore her own input into her own appearance and act "put out" he's acting rather manipulatively. 

You can suggest things you personally like to a SO, but you don't get to make it about *your* feelings when it is *their* appearance.
Just an FYI- curly or wavey hair hates daily brushing. Hates it. You are really causing more frizz brushing it out (especially dry) every day. Wide tooth comb while damp is the way to go, but consult with a hair stylist who specializes in curly hair and you'll get proper advice for your hair type.

Otherwise, I think the issue you are having is that you feel fetishized, or it certainly sounds like he's fetishizing your hair.

You do need to work on your own insecurities and are likely seeing your own face through a slightly warped lens based on how you talk about yourself, however, I have never heard of someone building more confidence because their SO calls them "stupid" (I don't care how "sweetly" he's saying it) or takes over control of how they look.

For me personally, someone invested in my grooming as a romantic gesture occasionally could be a nice experience, but I'd get completely overwhelmed & irritated by someone controlling how I looked daily or assigning themselves that responsibility.

TL;DR there is dressing or grooming a way that a SO likes, versus a SO taking control over your appearance and refusing to listen to your valid concerns.
I get that he's your first proper love, but look at this objectively as an outsider: he's 7 years older than you, now has TWO kids from TWO different mothers, and he lied early on in the relationship to the point I'd be questioning everything.

The fact that he didn't want you traveling and hooking up with others while he himself did just that is another bad sign.

Sometimes you have to take the loss. At 23 you have plenty of options to take the good and bad lessons from this relationship and find yourself a partner without this much baggage and questionable maturity.

edit and your comment below:

>He says he wants to prioritise his daughter he did raise from birth as well as our relationship

Yay! He's also a deadbeat dad with no sense of responsibility for life!

You are not bagging a winner here.
You are talking about two different things- the home's value versus rental income value. 

Not every homebuyer wants to be a landlord, so an ADU may not add to the home's value. If you intend to rent out the house and keep it for some time, I'd look at the potential rental income of both units versus the cost to build. 

If you are thinking of selling it in the next year or two, it isn't likely worth building an ADU. If you plan to rent it out for the next 7-10 years, then it likely is.
> and the last time I lived in an apartment was several years ago in undergrad

Worth reaching out to the property manager or landlord there and seeing if they have a record of you paying rent on time and leaving the place in OK condition so you can use them as a referral. 

Otherwise, look for a room to rent initially in your new town and once you've worked for 6 months to a year you will have enough pay stubs to start looking for your own place, plus a local reference. You can see if anyone rents specifically to grad students if it is a college town- that will get you a quieter type of home.
Your bf isn't helping his friend, he's being a white knight/ savior.

She needs clinical help which he can't provide. That's great you set a reasonable and totally logical boundary down (no she cannot live with both of you) and that he complied, but I don't really see this getting better as a whole unless he can come to terms with the part he plays in her addiction cycle: codependent rescuer.

If he was a real friend he'd be setting clear boundaries: she needs long-term mental health care, trauma therapy, and addiction recovery likely in long term clean and sober living.

None of these he can actually provide. She prefers going to him because it keeps someone in her life and allows her to continue making the crap choices that her addiction follows. He likes her coming to him because being someone's rock makes him feel good about himself.

Ask him to attend Al-anon with you and see if he is willing. It's got issues, but a lot of this kind of co-dependent bs & cycles are addressed there.
You put down 20K in earnest money?? Eeek.

Your father is correct on this one, and in a weird way so is your SO.

You are not married, he (SO) is not contributing to the down payment, & he is not on the mortgage. His loans do make him a liability. For all intents & purposes, it is not his house, so it makes sense his contribution should be viewed as rent, and he should sign papers that he has no claim on the home (edit in case of break up).

If you and your dad can't really make that work with him viewed solely as a tenant, then you've bought too much house.
Whispy Willie
That's something I wonder about the entirety of the MAGA cultist. I am talking about the die-hards that later got into qanon––  trumpism filled a social void in their lives. 

Especially the ones that used to travel around going to his rallies compulsively- like the Hateful Dead for 65 and up. It's like the people who were completely lost after Jerry Garcia died.
Ah, I misunderstood that you are the tenant.

You are 100% in the right that is a shite fix, and it will cause water damage down the road. 

Reword your email to sound professional. You can still demand a proper fix and point out that you are paying market rent and have a right to expect market standards to be met in the apartment. Also, point out the issues with long-term water damage, and get what you want better if you first approach professionally. 

Escalate only after you get rebuffed, don't come in swinging.
If you don't have one lined up, get a proper property manager. You mention in the comments you are out of state & the other person who could go and check won't be back for a week. You state he didn't return the keys, but there's nobody there to see if the keys are there in an empty apartment if the place is truly clean or trashed. 

Does the previous lease state where the 30 days notice should go and was their a former contact he may have used? 

If I just inherited a multi-unit complex, I'd want to get everyone on the same page, know what's in all the leases, plus avoid headaches. That's too difficult to do out of state without a manager.
It's weird, but it is always so much easier to get a job when you have a job. It's like hiring committees are more invested in wooing those that would be harder to snag and hate actual availability.

You didn't ask for suggestions but a volunteer commitment once or twice a week outside of your home is helpful to regain that "I'm a busy important person" feeling that goes to help in interviews. It also helps with the hopeless/useless feelings of unemployment, and it's also not a bad way to network a bit. 

You mention wanting to change to a more community-based field, which means volunteering in something that is nearish to what interests you could really pay off.
>I pay for takeout and groceries.

You pay for his meat products, all groceries, and you both split the cost of takeout?

He's got it made. No wonder he's refusing to learn to cook simple meals, it would mean he'd next have to learn how to grocery shop and pay for his own food...

I'd go with an ultimatum. Any adult can watch youtube videos and learn how to prepare a few simple meals. Also, stop making him special meat stuff. He can go figure out the primal esoteric knowledge of meat + hot coals/fire = food.
plus you have good food...
Haha, that's my other joke. That I'm cold-blooded and need to sit on a sunny rock to recharge like a lizard.
I hate to tell you but your best bet as an Israeli is getting through service, getting a top-notch engineering or tech degree, and getting out via a work visa. Otherwise, it is likely a ton of $$$ and trying to go to college elsewhere, but I have no clue what the illegalities are of leaving before serving. 

Isn't there a pacifist clause where you can do your military time in the IDF in the kitchen or non-active service?
I found some relief when I got really, really into lighting in general. Turns out halogen bulbs and fluorescents (what a lot of the older models of sun lamps were made from) come with what's called higher CRI- they duplicate color that noon sun would show better. LEDs just have this weird synthetic feel to me. I know, delicate snowflake that I am.

Dark houses with old lighting are my bane. I built a bunch of lights using halogen bulbs (currently no longer available in the US but I bought a bunch on ebay) and FLOODED my home with light. Yes, that helped a great bit.

The sit in front of this light box for 10-20 minutes every morning and you'll feel better solution never worked for me. Not saying they don't work, just not in my case. 

As other's mentioned, also getting your Vit D levels checked and taking a vit d supplement can also help with the depression. Who knows if this is placebo, but iron and B12 also helped me a bit too, as I run anemic. 

I still say nothing hits like sitting in a room filled with natural sunlight. Nothing.
Want to do tradesies? I kid. Sort of. Grass always greener..

Higher wages come with their own issues, especially in higher cost-of-living areas where the work expectations are also intense. *I want it now and I want it done right is* great when you are on the receiving end, but sucks when you have ADHD and are meant to be delivering it. I can do it right, or I can do it now, but I can't do both...
First off, you are alive, they are alive, and cars are replaceable. That's all actually very good stuff.

I have developed over years of dissociative tendencies to form what I call Life or Death Mindfulness. Do I suck in general at the concept of mindfulness? Yes. Do I hate meditation and other techniques mindfulness proponents swear are the secret keys to a better life? Sure do. But... 

Life or Death Mindfulness goes like this: *is my current action capable of major injury to life or limb for me or someone else? If yes, hey, brain, this action is all that matters right now.* 

Cooking (or any flammable task), driving, carrying a knife, & climbing ladders, & even walking down steep stairs or hiking rickety areas.. I can remind myself now that I do have to be present for this action, if not for me then for others. I still have accidents every so many years, especially when I fall out of the practice. Usually, prior to those accidents, I can look back and note there was an increase in dissociating or high levels of stress, so this is in no way a guaranteed process, it's an improvement only. Those accidents, however, set me up to be better for the next several years after. One car accident and a few broken bones have gotten me to stay relatively alive & not killing anyone else for several decades on earth.
I used to teach English. I will die on the hill that local dialects are just as "good" as formal English for communicating, if not better because they add life & nuance to language. 

Now, for writing in formal settings, it is always to the advantage of someone to learn basic grammar, plus acceptable language and writing skills. Mainly because the world is filled with snobs like your girlfriend who will judge the crap out of you. Doesn't mean they are right just because there are many of them. 

Anyhoo, you deserve to be with someone who sees you as worthy for your personal qualities, not classist ideals. I would bring it up. She should know this hurts you and it is disrespectful to be badmouthing you to others or act ashamed of a partner. Badmouthing is very different than venting.
Going from a year lease to month-to-month is common. It makes your life somewhat easier if/when you want to move.

As for the landlord considering selling, it is not rude the next time you interact to ask him or her if they are looking to sell in the near future. They only owe you a certain number of days notice (30 or 60) but it's not offensive to casually inquire if they know what their long-term plans for the place are.
I have always joked I have an old-school camera aperture in my brain that is constantly seeking more light. Dark homes, dark climates, I get severe SAD and am less productive. 

I've bought the sun lamps, taken Vit. D but nothing works like actual exposure to real sunlight. 

One day I hope to move to the Mediterranean. Will I be more productive? I doubt it. But my daily mood will be fantastic.
I don't know why people are reading ADHD into it. In it he specifically says she was diagnosed at one point in childhood with autism (he uses the word Aspergers) and depressed since childhood but "never addressed it"–– & she doesn't speak with her family. It's pretty easy to presume chaotic or traumatic childhood, autism (since that's the given diagnosis), and lifelong depression from both of those. Sure, she can have both, but the post indicates a severely depressed person to me with possible autism, more than ADHD. 

We have no idea what's really going on in anyone's marriage. If she's refusing therapy, then that's one thing. If no one has ever tried to get her help (including him) that's a totally different thing. 

The term weaponized incompetence hurts when you are genuinely doing everything in your damn power to get through the day. But some people also truly give up. Having depression, ADHD, &/or autism means you deserve support and help, only we do have to at some point in life meet people halfway and get outside help, not rely on a single friend, parent, or spouse as your only source of caretaking or support.
You had a terrible realtor. If the inspection contingency was not waived then no need to forfeit your earnest money. Also you 100% made the right choice. Manufactured homes are the one area where repairs often cost more than the value the original building materials are worth, and once water is in walls for a long time you are looking at mold conditions.
Your daughter is 100% correct.

Also, as long as you are talking to her every night then you aren't really seeing who else is out there that is actually available and actually interested in dating you. 

I'd go so far as to guess you might be in love with her because she's not available & it is a convenient way for you to feel like you have somebody while not risking a real relationship. 

Go really date some women who want to be dating and are officially single.
Yeah, that agent wants to buy it or a friend of his wants it, or he wants to do a quick sale without having to market it for them. Unless it is in really poor condition, there's no benefit for them to have fewer eyes on the house. 

If they haven't signed a seller agreement with him, that's so shady that I would cut him loose.
A properly wired habitable unit should be able to handle a coffee maker and microwave or have the right amount of outlets on separate breakers. That's not extreme use.
It's called [pharmacogenomic testing](https://www.mayoclinic.org/medical-professionals/psychiatry-psychology/news/right-drug-right-dose-right-patient/mac-20431011?mc_id=us&utm_source=newsnetwork&utm_medium=l&utm_content=content&utm_campaign=mayoclinic&geo=national&placementsite=enterprise&cauid=100721) & I linked you to a Mayo clinic page describing the process. OP said he was taking effexor- it's primarily used for anti-depressants, and I know it has been used somewhat for ADHD meds. It doesn't say what meds will work, but narrows down metabolizing issues to let a psychiatrist at least see what is more likely to work better/  have fewer side effect issues.
>Any words of advice for how I might respond?

Since he's gone "unilateral" in his decision-making & "putting his foot down" you go unilateral in yours: *I will be quitting the restaurant and continuing to expand my business. You can either support me or we can talk with lawyers.*

A partnership consists of compromises and two people supporting each other. You've compromised for years, now he won't do either in return. Also, waitressing has a shelf life. It's physically exhausting work. Not that 35 is old by any means, but a lifetime career of being a waitress is asking for physical impairments as you get into your 40s (ask me how I know).
If you are priced below market you will get extra attention. At market, not so much. Zillow I believe has a system where renters can fill out a form once and then blanket apply to as many apartments as they want, so it is a no-harm/no-foul situation for people to apply to as many places as they'd like. 

Clearly list your requirements in the post, but expect to have applicants ignore the requirements. By those same measures just ignore any applicants who don't qualify.
Pretty sure he had to fork over your social security number to do this., and any money he's made off of you would have been issued 1099 reports to the IRS as you were falsely made an independent contractor.

You can report this for identity theft, possibly tax fraud. Quite frankly that's I would do, 

Or you can speak to him that you need every piece of paper on this, your name removed from the whole shindig, or you will be reporting him. He won't want to do that because it will take away his downline he's created- but you need to get this done asap. 

I'd also temporarily freeze my credit, get a credit report, and make sure he hasn't opened any lines of credit for himself in your name. 

Sorry your dad is sleazy.
I get why people feel rejected by others, but the truth is what causes you to be rejected by someone has *nothing intrinsically to do with you.*

It has to do with their projection onto you and the combination both of you make together in each other.

You have no idea if both women are the love of his sexy-time life, paid escorts after he went full MRA, if his life is filled with no-strings sex fests, or lonely at his core. Maybe he discovered viagra, maybe he dropped acid and had an epiphany, or maybe it's all false surface level changes. We never know what truly is happening behind closed doors. 

>Married now and I've got two children and wouldn't trade them or my wonderful husband for the world

Then put your money where your mouth is. Do not contact. Plan something wonderful to do with your family, and enjoy & appreciate the life you do have, not the past one that is no longer there.

If you are still ruminating on this months from now get therapy.
>My friend is the only person I allow to come over when it looks this way, and she knows that. 

Except...  you were asking a favor for another issue you have (beeping smoke alarm), so I am pretty sure under the emergency circumstances she prioritized helping you in a way most convenient for her. 

You could have texted *hey! place is a mess! Can you just run up and help me while he waits in the car?*

Friend is not a mind reader. She helped you the best she was able. I think it's best for you to be grateful you have a friend who comes over to help, and let the rest go with the intent to communicate with better clarity next time.
I like it! It's one of those 'got to do the whole place or paint it over'- the disjointed feeling is in part that you haven't completed it yet. 

Probably if you painted the cabinets on the vanity and the little side cabinet in the same taupe once you're done (or painted them both the same white), that would help. The main clash right now is that each cabinet is different + you have the quartz countertop to contend with + wall design.
> I feel like he’s completely lost interest in me. 

I am willing to bet if you got wife #1-3 into a room together they'd all have a similar tale to tell. Moves quickly, loving and present, gets married–> loses all interest.

>Should I make a last ditch effort and pay for marriage counseling?

You can certainly broach it. But if his response is that you should pay for it in its entirety instead of splitting the cost, that tells you how much effort he will put in to the work needed to salvage things.

It just sounds like you married a serial monogamist who is in love with love, but not in love with actual people.
I love old [vintage salton sea postcards](https://www.desertsun.com/picture-gallery/news/environment/2014/07/15/old-salton-sea-postcards/12661613/). It absolutely was once was a charming vacation destination instead of a man-made cancer cluster and algae bloom mess.
>we have been seeing a counselor for nearly a year.

I am a big believer in marriage counseling, but sometimes counseling is helpful to get people to the point of realizing what's broken isn't getting fixed, and walking away as amicably as possible. 

What is it you are looking for when you complete a task? A thank you? You could tell her you need to hear some appreciation. Criticisms & commentary are fine (*you missed a spot)*, but they are heard better after a positive reaffirming statement (*thank you so much for your hard work! There's a corner that needs some help- I'll fix it, etc. etc.*) and the information hits differently. Tone goes a long way.

If this is someplace you've both been before and it keeps happening anyway even after honest communication about both your needs, you may be getting your answer.
Question: have you looked at what current homes in your area (comps) in okay condition are going for??

Now that you know the varying issues on the home, you will legally have to disclose those to new buyers. Markets are slowing in some areas where mortgage rates are impacting. If it's still in fixer upper status & no one waves inspections, it may be a tough sell unless it is priced below comps
Yeah, sewer lining feels like one of those BS things. A yearly roter rooter does the same or better to just keep roots out of your line and move on. unless part of the entire sewage system has collapsed.
On one hand, it's only been 4 months. Some people take longer to integrate a partner into their family.

On the other hand, sounds like his family are in his daily life and he's locking you in a bedroom to keep you from his dad (wtf?!?!)

Just be blunt and honest: *it really feels at this point like you want to keep me away from your family & I feel like you are ashamed of me. Given you are deeply tied to family & your behavior around this, I don't see us going anywhere long-term. Can you confirm this or explain what's going on for you?*
Sell it to Carvana- process is quick, and pay off what you owe.
Salton Sea is likely beyond repair. It's a much younger lake from the early 1900s Colorado river run off into a sink, and it will never see those levels again in Southern California. Everyone reliant on the Colorado river (including New Mexico and Arizona) are likely going to run out of access. 

It's also the most polluted lake in California (I think) with problematic saline levels & about 100 years of chemical run-off from all the farms down there. Once that dried up as it lost water levels over the past few decades even the air makes people sick. RIP.
Ask your doctor to do genetic testing for meds. It will give you both an idea of how quickly you metabolize various medications & that may help point you both in the right direction.
Why don't you try solo therapy first so you can maybe get to the root of what it is that's upsetting you about him
yup.
The longer you look at listings the better you get at seeing the photoshop and computer mock-ups. 

Whole house glows with a bright white light yet there's no sun spots from the window, falling shadows and/or overhead lights are on? It's a dark place and they just amped the photo brightness.

Every room gets weird and elongated towards the front? Stretch filter feature that can make a twin bed look like a warped full or a toilet bowl that's super long.

Computer simulation ones-- Nothing in real life sits with those lines and usually the shadows have a funky feel to them. Mostly because there is zero light source to even indicate where they'd come from but also the furniture always seems a little like it's hovering in space.
They're offering to pay for part of an overall improvement on your place. The issue between current fixtures and recessed can be that normal ceiling overheads can leave a place feeling dark depending on how much light it gets during the day, so it's a long-term improvement for the apartment. 

I'd be inclined to keep a good tenant who wants to make improvements over the unit & is taking care of it happy, especially if costs of the improvement are reasonable and you already have a 3 year history, but that's me.
I mean, I do. Does it work? Nah, but feels good.
Location dependent (of course) but if we ever got even close to 2019 we'd still be in crazy town, but a moderately acceptable version of crazy town.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

The people stating ignore them- I tend to disagree. It's the dog shit theory of coping. If there's a neighborhood dog whose owner lets them poop right in the middle of your front yard and you leave it there & ignore it, all you get is more dog owners letting their dogs poop next to it. 

Your best bet is a LARGE PEACEFUL counterprotest next time. Lots of people who come out to equally display their right to freedom of speech in a happy, fun way. You can absolutely rid your town of Nazis by overwhelming them with a large, pleasant, anti-Nazi rally.  We're talking w/ baked goods and music. These little groups go away from areas that push back but intimidate in numbers- not aggressive behaviors.

The next worse thing after the ignore method, however, is to have a small volatile counter-protest that acts antagonistic or allows for fights to break out. That tends to give them what they really, really want: attention and victim status.
Herpes is a disclose-before-sex thing. But! If this was your first time having sex together then it sounds like you were both getting into it to the point of no protection/ no discussion, so you have some culpability here in not being responsible either. Then again, the fact that she didn't disclose after until you brought an issue up is nooooot great. 

Can't say what to do in this situation but now you have a wonderful experience to remind you that 

1). always use protection until a longer discussion on birth control, exclusivity and STDs has happened. 

2). always have a talk prior to sex the first time- birth control, expectations, STDS, etc. 

You are in your 30s, well time enough to be an adult about this kind of stuff.
Self esteem- letting your children feel good about what they can do. Not completely praising for every poop they make, but valuing them as capable little individuals. I was great at art as a kid and all I heard was how I was good at it *but can't make a living that way* (insert later money issues and charging my worth to overcome). Let children explore talents they enjoy without bringing up careers to begin with.  Does your kid love trains- let them explore that in childhood without talking about how they will become civil engineers.

Allowing them some facets of agency in their lives. They can say no, or negotiate reasonably around expectations. Again, not handing them total control of their lives, but incremental and developmentally appropriate attempts at independence and allowing them to fail or succeed on their own as they get older.

Open door policy. THey can always come talk to you about something or someone who is bothering them without fear of being punished or getting in trouble.

I think there is a concept of "good enough" parenting. You'll mess up on a lot of stuff, but there's a foundation of trust between the parent and child. Versus Gen X- abandoned to figure the world on our own. Millenial: helicopter parenting until they couldn't do anything for themselves. Something in between those two extremes.
I'm an overwriter. I can communicate faster in writing/typing than speech, and god I love a tangent. 

Here's where modern technology actually serves. 

1. You don't have to answer that text or email right away- *you just need to remember it needs a response.*
2. You can take a beat (or even 12 hours) to think about your response
3. You can write a word-vomit response that covers way too many details and exited little side stories.
4. THEN EDITING MAGIC:
5. You can write a ~~word-vomit~~ response ~~that covers way to many details and exited little side stories.~~ 

The main hurdle is impulse control. Learning to sit with what you want to say. Over time, I have learned who I can word vomit on and they won't mind (so I have some outlet) and how to cultivate more professional interactions with. The more I edit writing for texts or emails prior to sending, the more I also internalize how to edit while composing. 

It's a process.
>i don't know what to do.

If you live in their home and are of age, move out. None of this is your problem to solve. Get some therapy because having a mother who is trying to poison your father is not a normal family upbringing. 

>He got mad at me, started rolling his eyes and eventually slammed the door on me.  
>  
>He made me set up the camera for him a few times cause he guilted and threatened me into doing it,

Seriously. *Get some real distance from your family.* Neither of your parents are okay people. None of this mess is yours to fix.
The main reason I lean towards new cars right now is the savings on used is no longer great enough to feel like they are a "deal." Used costs too much, imo. 

CPO are usually a safe bet, but those are also the ones that really are priced the highest. If i wanted used I'd look on auto trader then take it to a dealership to get checked prior to buying. 

With new you always run a small risk of some lemon issued from the factory (state of affairs in almost all car lines now). With used, even CPO, you run the risk that someone drove it really hard during the first few thousand miles. You do get the assurance now of seeing that someone got oil changes in, at least, since those are recorded. 

Best used option are fleet cars with under 10,000 on them. That way if someone was a bad driver, they only had it for a day or two. I did find one or two of those in my area but spent the extra for new in the end. Not sure wilderness end up in fleet car sales though
How big of chips? There are color-match epoxies made to fill in chips & professional companies can do resurface fixes. If the chips are dime-sized or less I would look into a fix before going through a full replacement, and charge accordingly for that.
Wear gloves and a mask or respirator when exposed to a ton of mouse poop and urine and moving it around in any way (sweeping). I know you were not expecting a cabinet of poop- but that is the exact scenario of how you get Hantavirus- old sealed-up mouse or rat droppings & urine are suddenly disturbed or moved by being swept up and it is released into the air. 

Yes, tell the landlord immediately. They should do the proper thing and have the home recleaned and all openings under the building and in the attic sealed along with proper extermination.

I am kind of guessing they did have an infestation and maybe had an exterminator out there- but did not properly clean the last tenant's unit. 

There should still be a check of your place that no small openings exist in those cabinets (for mice they can squeeze through a hole 1/4 inch in size). Good luck.
so lovely!
Damn, I am impressed- I was thinking 'how'd they get a giant compass??' but you made your own. It did work out well!
All of it is great! How'd you get the circle marked out so neatly?
Talk to your landlord about the shed because that's your property in there.

Let the neighbor broach the landlord about the fence. 

Yes, those are things that should be fixed.
Talk to your therapist or go back to therapy. Find some tools for anxious thinking: CBT to test out validity of thoughts, breathing, & calming techniques.

Thinking about an abusive ex-partner & still getting the remnants of toxicity out of your life is a process. Finding someone new you like is part of the process of healing. Sometimes before we are about to get really better there is a natural pull to backslide.

The long and the short of it is you can ask someone for exclusivity and still end up breaking up with them or deciding you weren't really ready for more. But you are here now, so why not stay more in the moment of what you are doing and less in the past or potential problematic future?

The money thing is neither here nor there unless you make is something. That just sounds like excuses.

edit to add: the religious thing isn't really a red flag since she's moving past that, you are making it one because your ex had a similar background. Red flags are *behaviors* like your ex- manipulation, putting you down, being emotionally volatile. 

The shitty thing with PTSD is we become avoidant and the only way to get through PTSD is to stop avoiding the thing that scares you. Safely, with support, but to still face it.
> I long for something new,

Well, El Salvador will certainly be *different* for you.

I would think Costa Rica, Chile, Argentina, or Mexico would all offer a higher quality of life than making your first choice El Salvador.
>but now i can’t look at them with anything but disgust.

That's an extreme reaction. Look, you are 17, I get it. And, you have a right to your feelings- you get to feel however you feel. How you act on those feelings, however, is what makes for emotional maturity. 

Falling for a friend happens. There's nothing disingenuous or sneaky plotting about it- we usually want to be friends with people we are attracted to, not necessarily sexually attracted, but who have characteristics or personalities we like. 

Try doing a thought experiment. If you, slowly, over time, fell for a friend of yours- how would you want them to respond to you if it is not reciprocated?

I'd just let them know the feeling isn't mutual in the nicest way possible, take a little break from your group and when you are feeling less ick, show back up like nothing happened.
Therapy. You have childhood neglect issues, financial and emotional enmeshment, and you need to learn how to have healthy boundaries with someone who doesn't want that for you. 

It's doable but it takes a lot of work. You don't mention your ages, but you are probably in your early 20s- young enough now to realize that what your mom wants- to likely always live with you and depend on you- may not be what you want for yourself. You cannot change her but you can learn in time to change your reactions in order to handle her.
Let me put it a different way: if your dad died when you were 6 you may have often felt like you had to take care of your mom. 

You don't, that's not your job. Your mom can handle what she needs to handle, even if this hurts her.
that's totally fair. Most people who end up in Southern California from the UK are delighted with the weather change alone. I spent my childhood in parts of England, and I want a change now & have a UK passport, so it's my easiest path.

Trying to decide if I can go back to the rain though.
>I cannot get myself to ask him to stop following me.

time to learn a new skill: how to communicate with someone firmly (and still kindly) that they are out.
Stop doing projects with him. 

He is eligible for accommodations from his professors, he can use tutoring centers, request more time (from the professors not you), get copies of notes, but he's not your personal burden.

You can have ADHD and also be: a jerk or just too immature and not ready yet for college-level work, etc. He has probably decided that since you will ultimately pick up the slack every time, he isn't going to find the help he needs to actually accomplish work. 

Tell him straight up that you can be his friend but can no longer work with him on group projects, and that he needs to go to the Office of Students with Disabilities and sort himself out.
> With the state of the UK and the way things are going...I want something better for myself.

I say this as someone considering going to the UK from California for a variety of reasons... and I love it here, but.. If your issue is a highly divided political culture & underfunding for the NHS (medical care and pay), the UK is likely a hair better than it is here. 

California is dealing also with high costs of housing, high homelessness (which has a lot to do with underserved mental health & addiction issues) and a worsening fire season. We also have more gun incidents than the UK. 

To practice in CA you would need to get licensing (will vary from state to state) you want to practice in and may have to do what's called clinical hours (work under supervision for less pay)
Thought experiment: you stay with him and eventually have a kid, & your child is diagnosed with ADHD in school. Kid is struggling in class. He sits your child down and tells them what he's said to you in that text.

How do you feel? Because I'd be angry.
what the fuck is wrong with people? (rhetorical question..)
No one can tell you how you feel about this, only you can decide. Probably the best thing you can do for yourself right now is separate and get into your own therapy to process the grief, and get enough emotional distance to see the whole thing clearly.
I had that really intensely, especially around dating, and used to think that reaction was RSD-- but I am no longer so sure. I had some terrible bullying growing up (often by "friends") and pretty severe attachment issues from emotionally unpredictable parenting. 

I did a lot of work in therapy on attachment issues and self-advocating (being clear in expressing needs) and have found that those triggers are not hit as much now. I'm also a lot more choosey, however, in who I let in. I think it helped me to see the sort of people I gravitated towards giving a lot of myself were the kind who *did* let me down, so being less involved in that helped. 

I'm not saying RSD wasn't part of my issue, just that I question if it stemmed in a biological way from ADHD or an environmental way from old relationship patterns caused by ADHD if that makes any sense? It only matters for the reasons of how best to lessen it.
As a rule, I think teasing or sarcasm toward others only works when it is a joke about someone that everyone knows is absolutely not true in any way- so it's ridiculous to suggest and everyone can laugh.

Punching down: aka making fun of someone struggling and laughing about something they are truly struggling with is not funny. Because there are so many hidden things you may struggle with as someone with ADHD it's a lot more likely that "friendly banter" is going to hit a sore spot. 

SO, they may not intent to be teasing "in a bad way" but they are. Ask them kindly to stop and let them know it actually hurts. Friends will respect that. If they don't-- not a friend.
Well, you see, his depression will be cured if she acts like a housekeeper-barbie-robot-fuck-maid for 28 days.
>He says that he needs my softer support and encouragement to get out of this and back to himself. 

Oh, bullshit. He can go to therapy and learn the root causes for his issues, not have you as a cuddly submissive caretaker, cooking, cleaning, and buying a grown man groceries.

What he's asking for isn't *interesting,* it sounds like a total mind fuck to me. What are you going to do, praise him for sitting home all day while you cook dinner, cuddle him and help him care for his home? Welcome to bang-maid-dom.
>“To be honest, it’s not my job to uphold your boundaries, it’s on you”

It is not a partner's job to uphold your boundaries but it is their job to respect them. He doesn't. He's also coercive & manipulating you.

&#x200B;

>I don’t feel comfortable with him sexually currently. 

Listen to that. Your lack of comfort is important & valid and you get to respect that, even if he doesn't
Look him closely in the face:  you have blackheads on your nose. Just a factual observation time, but gosh I think you're handsome- clogged pores and all.

Next time his shirt is off: wow your back is really hairy and it forms a weird pattern. Just sharing a factual observation. Let's snuggle now!

No one should actually continue any behavior with you after you tell them it hurts you. The simple fact that you've said "this hurts me" and he wants to continue the behavior, then tell you that you are the one whose wrong for being hurt is a deep lack of empathy & a self-aggrandized nature.
LA gives and LA takes
>I feel like I should tell her this once I confirm a diagnosis with my therapist.

Nope. No, no, no. You should not. You should respect the request to leave her alone.

Something you are doing in this post is still making this about you while pretending it is to validate her experience. She doesn't need you to validate her lived experience that you abused her.

But, most importantly, the *why* you did what you did??? That doesn't do shit all for people who have suffered abuse. Abuse hurts a victim whether it stems from malicious and calculated intent or because of mental health. *Her experience isn't changed just because you have a diagnosis.*

Mental health may be the reason but it is never an excuse.

In fact, the very fact that you are so focussed on reaching out to her indicates you have a long, long ass way to go in therapy. So keep going to therapy and ask your therapist to help you implement a control mechanism, so when you have thoughts of reaching out to her you have tools to cope with them.

That's how you improve and she can do what she needs to heal.

edit spelling
That's a lot of printer ink going to waste.
why are you trying to put chair out of a job in this economy??
No, the twist is the person who made the post is in their 20s-30s & is the younger version of the guy who actually made the "offensive art" 30-40 years earlier, that version was trying to make a small homage to the 80s cultural ideas of inclusivity.
It's been nearly a year- have you ever sat down and actually discussed life goals and long term visions?

Because that conversation in clear terms would basically confirm what everyone is saying: you two have no long-term compatibility. 

This isn't a "there is this one little detail we aren't on the same page about" issue–– this is "on an ideological level of how to live life we have nothing in common" issue.
Yes, it is called being verbally abusive- and waving a trash bag in your face is getting to the point of escalating to the threat of physical abusive, shoving is actual physical abuse. 

The 90% nice  (and I am doubting your percentages because we get a skewed reality when we are living with this crap) doesn't make the 10% threat of or experience of abuse and assault okay. *Being apologetic for something without ever really changing means nothing.*
No, you do not do online personality tests that have zero validity and- besides- it's a rental not a job with the CIA. 

You take references, contact past landlords, & can do a legal background search for any arrest records or issues there. 

If someone is displaying online aggressive or annoying tendencies, you block or ignore them.. Because of the Fair Housing Act you don't do anything that shows discriminatory behavior.
The deposit should be used to cover any structural issues with your unit. I'd take pictures of the condition you left it in, ***ask him to schedule a walk-through with you after you've cleaned and emptied it to have him show you any issues he would like fixed,*** and assume for the best.

If you were an annoying tenant to the landlord, that may mean you are both happy you are moving on, but it's not an entitlement to your deposit.

Do everything by the letter of the book and presume it will be fine.
The deck flooring is a different wood- this looks like a shitty homemade job at some fencing (edit railings?), but the question that matters is the structure of the flooring. Can you get under the house and look for termite damage and how the floorboards are constructed? When you walk around on the deck is it spongey and has some give or fairly solid?

The fencing should have been screwed in, & he should fix it, however, I don't think it is get out of lease bad unless there are greater structural issues or the interior is not habitable.

It is, however, a lawsuit waiting to happen. I'd rewrite a letter saying you have children (nieces nephews whatever) that visit you and loose railing + exposed nails are a liability you'd like to see properly fixed and see how that goes over.
Really should have used screws and it depends on if the wood is solid or if there is termite/water rot.

While it's shoddy and a lawsuit waiting to happen for the landlord- I'm an adult, so I can go and just never lean on the fencing of a deck. What would concern me more is the wood and structural condition of the deck floor.
I hate to say this but.. age gap. She's 10 years older than you. At 37 she totally knows better and is not dissuading him, and is also closer in age to him than you.

You will need to fess up to the snooping and state clearly that he's hit on your exes in the past & you are not okay with their texting like this. She'll either agree or not and you'll know.
It's the rug --it's too close to matchy-matchy with the couch. A foresty green or sage green rug or even a teal and the couch/ walls would look great. I'd also get a rug that's a bit smaller and doesn't go all the way to the windows and wall. 

I like how the dog looks concerned with what's happening, haha.
Can you work the OT for a year, tighten your belts, and get your deposit up to 30%-40%? That may significantly lower monthly mortgage depending on what interest rates do by next year. 

I know there's this intense feeling that "buy now or be priced out forever" but there is always a way.
Oh, crap- maybe not? Maybe that's why mine so frequently sprout (because I lose them in there)???
giant pillar > no window, for sure.

Temporary wallpaper it something fun and find a way to grow plants up & down it- make it a living column in your place.
I'd be very suspicious. Mortgage lenders are getting hit by the higher interest rates, so this feels more like she's relying on astrology than insider secret knowledge of what the Fed is going to do.
>It wasn't a random shooting, though, to be fair--people got in an argument and were shooting at each other.

I always find this a funny way to low key downplay the experience. I say this as an American who has been near or in the middle of 3 shootings (in my late 40s lived in several metro areas) & one "next door neighbors held at gunpoint but no guns discharged"

The fact that we have gotten to the point where we have levels for our shooting incidents- gang fight, neighbor's domestic issue, not a random mall shooting but two angry people shooting... I think that itself is kind of indicative of how bad the issue is??

There were several shootings in my old neighborhood and even when they were going after specific targets (LA- drive-bys) every so many years, some kid would get shot by accident and it was harrowing and messed up.
 just a magical gardener growing fridge potatoes
It won't be double utilities if you are staying primarily in one home or the rental. 

I'd keep it, take your time moving and hopefully, you have a smooth closing. After keys in hand, end lease early if you still want, but, if you do move by May or June, you are only on the hook for the months they can't rent it out to someone else. 

Plus, if you need to do something like paint or repairs, you can do them before moving in your furniture.
I don't know about their fine print on the program, but probably not given joint tenancy is a way for you to inherit their home when they die without it going into probate. So you are, in fact, already part owner of a home.
First off, going back on medication is not taking steps back- if you've taken it in the past and it helps then it's steps forward. 

Secondly, putting aside the total ick factor of what he said–– If the idea of you as mentally ill is a turn-on to this guy, then understand he has a vested interest in you staying ill. That actually is a major step backward in your mental health journey. 

That he is going through his own stuff is no excuse.
The homeless crisis is bad, absolutely. But I've been from Southern Ca to Northern and have never seen tents on beaches unless it is near an official campsite and it's regular campers.
Reframe your experience: you were 25 when you met a 42-year-old online, and you had no previous sexual experience, moved to a strange country then got trapped in what sounds like a loveless marriage being coerced into pleasureless sex. 

Stop taking it as a chore and say no. You have agency over your body no matter what he's led you to believe.
Every one of your replies you claim you aren't failing your daughter because you fight with your wife, and if you leave you'd be failing your sons. 

This is what your daughter will remember: daddy's new wife was a monster and daddy picked staying with her and raising his new family over me. 

That's it. That's the damage. Also, trust me, your two boys know you fight all the time, so congrats, they're getting effed by this situation too.
There was a time and place when "flippers" were more like renovators and actually did a service by restoring inhabitable houses for resale. 

That was probably about a decade or more ago. Then everyone became a house flipper. Now, I always look side-eyed at any grey, black, white home & assume they are a mess of cut corners and cheap builders-grade lies.
Just because you got someone pawned off on you doesn't mean you have to work with them? Unless you signed an exclusivity agreement, fire her and interview more agents at various agencies.
Drugged, uncool. Poor apex predator.
Cabinet looks nicer against the primer white than the color swatches.

What grey did you paint your cabinets? If you know you can look it up online and plenty of paint blogs will tell you the specific undertones: purple, orange, pink, blue of that grey. 

To me it looks like a warmer griege-grey so it would go great with any swiss coffee white from the major lines- those whites tend to present as very bright and clean but have the tiniest bit of yellow/cream to them. 

Colored kitchen & grey cabinets is a tough thing to pull off, but some softer light light blues or very pale yellows could work- but it could also be a mess. 

Grey + grey tends to go dingey and dark in a kitchen. Maybe in a living room with a fireplace and a darker feeling, but kitchens (imo) should have a bit of cheer.
I'm getting lower-end Marriot Hotel foyer from them. Everything else looks really nice or has some personal touches, but I'd say let the mirror eye wall go.
Doctor's visit for mental health check plus cognitive decline & cut off her internet.

Seriously, pull the plug on the internet, act like you all are doing everything you can to fix it and drag it out for as long as possible. Meanwhile, someone drops by and suggests a small walk around the block.

She's likely trapped by facebook trash algorithms that are relentlessly showing her crime videos. Crimes are up in a lot of places, but depending on where she lives most of it could be very low chances in her neck of the woods. She needs to detox from the newsfeed of doom.
One, document everything and then go to a higher up or HR to report a hostile work environment. 

Or, take away their power. This is the hardest path, but I highly recommend it. They are doing this because like all lowlife assholes who hate themselves, they need to find sources of power outside of themselves to suck dry like emotional vampires. Right now, picking on you & seeing how it makes you feel bad gives them that power. 

You take it back by 1). not giving a shit what they think of you. No wanting to be friends, no people pleasing. Only cold professional interactions. 

2). confront when it is to your face. Someone cracks a joke at your expense, reply in a calm flatlined voice: please explain why that is funny? they stumble to explain or whatnot, just reply, Huh. Sounds more like insecurity on your part than an actual joke. 

You will be a fantastic nurse. But nursing in the US and hospital settings, in general, are notorious for this kind of co-worker pecking order. There is a way to push back, grey rock, not having an emotional investment in these people. They think you're stupid? Who gives a fuck what they think, they don't set a schedule or grade you in your classes. 

But, it is lonely and can very much take a toll on you, and I do think we are more vulnerable to being bullied. 

Good luck, you got this.
Eh, I see things like this or a pre-nup as a decent step to make sure everyone is on the same page in case of break up &, if done well, it should actually protect both parties. 

I would try to move past the distaste and view it as a really good way to also protect your own interests & negotiate. Moving into someone else's home (especially one bought for them and possibly not fully owned by them) is complicated, and you should have a fair way to make sure you're going to be okay too. 

Are you planning on paying rent (aka their mortgage)? If so what's the division, and what rights do you have if you two break up (30 days to locate another place to live) etc.? 

I'd go over it with a lawyer then come back to the table with whatever you don't agree with and what you'd like included to protect you.
20 years from now do you want to be 46, in your prime, and sorting his 66-year-old's heart medication for him while he degrades you?

No? Then goooooo now.
I bought some books - think home buying for dummies but not under that specific umbrella- for my market (California). They were probably already outdated given the changes during the pandemic boom, but I think there was enough information to make it worth the time. I have already bought and sold my first home, (can't get back into the market right now), so a lot of what my current knowledge also comes from knowing what I don't want to do again after the first experience. 

Start brain-picking every one you can think of. Interview RE agents, don't just grab one someone else recommends. Ask what their home buying philosophy is, and what they wish first time buyers knew, get a feel for them. Find someone you think will bring more than just opening doors from a lockbox to the table. Speak with mortgage brokers in a few different areas (big bank, credit union, solo mortgage brokerage). Just because you email or chat with someone doesn't mean you have to work with them, but it's a great opportunity to line up who you do want to work with and to learn more info. 

I think the better armed you are with information, while it can bog you down, the better off you are to make good decisions for yourself & later not have regrets.
You are acting already defeated in the comments. 

I get it. You are tired. This guy and his friends have worn you down. The campus you are on is poorly policed and a lot of situations where nothing was resolved. You've lost friends from the relationship. All of that are valid reasons for feeling defeated. 

But that's exactly how he or any stalker wants you to feel- *defeated and trapped.* 

Your only choice is to become untrapped, and that means finding every damn resource you can to report this. Write down your concerns with his behavior, every recent event with him popping up with dates and time estimates. Write it down so you have a paper copy and don't have to repeat the traumatic events over and over. Make copies and take them to health services and ask to speak to a mental health counselor, to the campus police and to your local police, & to the dean of the college. Start with someone and ask for help. They will either help, refer you to someone who can help, or you go to the next person.

You don't have any friends because he isolated you? Reach out to old friends, say you want to get a coffee & reconnect. Some might blow you off but you'd be surprised who is happy to hear from you. 

Your stalker wants you defeated and trapped. If you already feel defeated then he's gotten what he wants, a way to drain you and force you to stay in his orbit. Don't give him the win. Get angry, it will help you find the energy.
Okay, you don't list your age but I'm guessing your early 20s? It all sounds like a drama circle and, like it or not, you were part of the drama-seeking behaviors. Maybe you don't have a great instinct for who is trustworthy because you've been getting caught up with people who seem exciting rather than good and reliable. 

Throw yourself into something. Volunteer, a new hobby, hiking, a class. Find groups. One thing about LA- it's a city of 4 million people. There are plenty of non-acting influencers existing outside of one social media bubble. 

Consider therapy if there are deeper issues at play.
I think it is overall stunning work. I love the feeling of movement, the pops of foilage, and the viewpoint it's painted from. It feels very alive which is a difficult thing to achieve with a flat medium like gouache. 

The main thing that throws me with the pink ground is how much of it is still present in the flowing water. The water would reflect the surrounding trees but also the sky, so my mind is processing sunset warm dusk lighting on the water, but the sky is telling me grey afternoon light- if that makes any sense? 

I little bit more differentiation in tone/color on the water from the rocks and trees would also break it up and make it easier to visually move around the painting. May be as simple as eliminating the pink in the water with more highlights and lowlights in white and a brown/grey/blue?
Any way around paywall? I'd love to see where they are falling out west because where I am in the west I'd say a haircut off the top in a correction, but hardly a fall as of now.
There's a historical 5 year drought cycle in CA, it's just that the past decade or so they've become significantly drier dry years, & hotter summers. If we got 2-3 years of rain, then the 5 year drought, we'd actually function in terms of water, although not in terms of current infrastructure. 

Real question is if this summer gets hotter- more current lush green spaces dry up- worse fire season-- because that shit is not sustainable.
Here it's not as dark-super-early-gray-for-months-daily-drizzle though. Storm moves in, several days of sun & 55-60 degrees out, then another storm moves in. 

Pacific North West is still a whole next-level commitment to constant gray wet dark for months.
Go look at Carvana, CarMax and the other online car buyers- you will likely get even a bit more for your trade-in from one of those places than any brick-and-mortar car dealership.
Why don't you pause your normal classes for one semester and take a writing class? Find out how much you can do, and what you feel about doing it with more focus. Most community classes will have writing classes, but if you are in the US look at things like the UC extension programs. A bit pricey, but one class to dip your toe in won't hurt prior to shifting and entire major/ life focus.
I know this is a painful thing to go through. If they are actually puppies and still very young, while I realize you love them deeply, they can go to a rescue and will be adopted. If it is a good rescue then the families who adopt are vetted, and the rescue commits to the life of the dog to always take those dogs back in.

You could also see if any rescues would take them as short term fosters. 

Get a room and stabilizing should be your first priority. I wish you luck.
They can suddenly read very well when they realize a tenant understands their rights and will push back. Otherwise, slumlords conveniently don't read, true.
Sometimes when you lose patience with someone or get fed up with them, while you still need to watch your own behaviors, it's a sign you may need a little break.

Anyone self-diagnosing or online diagnosing themselves with DID from Tik Tok is making a huge leap. The bigger issue may be having a friend who has very real mental health issues but is still at a stage where creating added drama feels rewarding to them. I mean, you're teens! Not to be condescending, but that's bound to happen. You're allowed to step away in kindness if it's getting too much. So, let him have his period of ignoring you. Most cases he'll reach out again down the road.
Trainer or classes can help you push through. Nothing like other people around to make you step up. I'm not a competitive person, but sometimes I pretend I'm in a competition with someone else around me at the gym & it helps me work harder -- even if they are clearly in better shape. I don't stare at them or watch their workouts, I just make up a game in my head that I have to beat so-and-so when really I am just pushing myself to beat my own level I'm at, stay a little longer on cardio or do more reps.
> I was just making banter but my bf told me that I was masculine and made him unattracted to me. 

He's a total misogynist. Plenty of people enjoy outgoing personalities this guy is a dud who just wanted arm candy that didn't speak. Nothing about being able to hold your own in conversation is "masculine"- that's the stupidest thing I've ever heard.
Email & mail a hard copy registered mail:

Dear Slumlord,

As per my text and emails on dates (list all dates and times you contacted them) alerting you that we have no hot water and requesting a timeline of the fix, I am reaching out one last time to let you know we will be withholding rent on the 1st until the issue is fixed. We will put rent aside\*\* and prorate it for when the fix occurs.

The other option can be for us to replace the hot water heater and deduct the cost from April's rent, in which case we supply you with all receipts with our remaining rent payment.

As you know by California law all tenants have a right to live in a habitable property. This means there must be running water (both hot and cold).

Please let us know how you'd like to proceed.

\*\* double check LA County law- if you choose to go withholding rent you may need to open up an escrow account and put it in there. You don't want to withhold rent and end up evicted. Paper trail everything. Good luck.
It's called info dumping. Honestly, an info dumper needs to learn the time and place. I say that as.. an info dumper. Otherwise, it is its own form of rudeness. 

Maybe you can find some audiobooks or book-books on the art of conservation and active listening. Tell him you'd love it if his mindset could expand in those directions..

Or just say, hey- I miss our conversations. More and more lately I feel like you are lecturing me and it makes me feel really diminished. Can we work on the old-time art of conversating with some give and take?
they should be mandated tear-downs. Even with "remediation" that's a cancer cluster waiting to happen.
Firm boundaries and the chips fall where they may. 

Mental health, childhood trauma may be the reason for asshole behavior, but it's not an excuse. Your mom has chosen a path of enabling, you have chosen to break free. Your wedding is symbolic of you truly starting your own family and furthering yourself from a chaotic childhood. Don't compromise on that.
Nah, she can't cover the cost of the biggest loss: the memory of OP's wedding being ruined by an asshole.
Please love him and get him neutered to stop the lineage of strays.
In Louisianna (nondisclosure state) lived in a place where someone OD'd in the bathtub, it was a former meth lab (with an explosion) but the new owners had gutted and down a really nice reno jobby on it. Beautiful views of the Bayou, too. I only learned the storied history from all the neighbors in other homes and apartment buildings around it.  

Unless you properly remediate meth chemicals from walls, they are toxic and really bad to live with.

Everyone in that building went nuts, and I moved out because the immediate neighbors in my building drove me up a wall. But it also just had bad vibes and I seriously couldn't take baths in the OD tub. 

I am going to go with meth walls made everyone nuts, but maybe it was the junkie ghosts. Who knows.
I'd negotiate for 6 months up front cash then for the lease to state month to month after the first 6 months. That gives you half a year to get a job, but also a way out if things don't pan out. Place the other $7500 in a high yield savings or CD, make sure the contract lease is very clear and no loopholes that could come back to bite you in the ass.
From all of your comments below you come up with some reasonable solutions or accommodations and your wife is shooting them down. 

She sounds like she has some form of untreated PPD & likely anxiety–– right now you are letting the person with dysfunction set all the rules for your family, and the rules she's making keep her in her cycle of episodes and keep you running around trying to accommodate. 

Thing is, even if she's the greatest mom on earth, *this is impacting the mental health of your children too.* Witnessing their mother having episodes is fucking with their development. Little kids blame themselves and babies very much need calm anchors to turn to. 

She needs medical treatment and support in the home. Period. You cannot continue to accommodate her refusal for treatment or her refusal to let you hire people come into the home to help. 

The discussion needs to be with her during a good period, and it needs to be framed with the children's needs and the impact on them, not as much about you. Tell her that you will be there for treatment, and look for doctors and therapists who are experts in endocrinology and mental health. But, at the end of the day, your children deserve to have a mom who is willing to take care of herself to be there for her kids.
So current owner is really just a buyer who can't finish their sale until a sucker pays them over what they are in contract to pay?

This sucks for the original seller and the next buyer. I am guessing it's one of those "we buy dumps for cash$$$" flyer groups.
Stockton. I'm betting this is in Stockton.
>We have a conversation, he apologizes, swears he'll do better, even lists off how he plans to do better, and then never follows through for more than a day.

Option #1: One last ditch effort to get him to really see what you are verbally telling him. Get out a poster board and place it somewhere highly visible (kitchen whatever). Write down ONE item of his plan "to do better" - a commitment to every day complete x task. Then make M T W Th F S Su boxes underneath, and for every day he completes x task he will check the box for that day.

This either externalizes things to the point that he actually can functionally do stuff (ADHD technique) or if the depression is so bad it's blocking even low-level functioning, there is **an external piece of evidence where he has to acknowledge the reality of how bad it is.** Sometimes with ADHD & depression, there can be a very high level of denial as to how bad it's gotten as a coping mechanism. To acknowledge how bad it is to see the very tall mountain he needs to climb and seeing that with no tools or skills for handling ADHD is paralyzing, so the cycle of nothing happening continues.

Option #2 ultimatum. He either gets treatment or you are separating. Problem with ultimatums is you have to really be willing to follow through.
thanks
Eh, nothing is bringing home values back down in Los Feliz.

I think recent murder- no. Almost 100-year-old murder, house frame only intact, full renovation & new electricity/plumbing/roof? The chances of it feeling bad inside are very low. Now if it was kept as some creepy shrine- that would be different and gross. 

It is California law that any death in a home must be disclosed at sale- and possibly to renters (not sure about that). Which is better than Louisianna, where I briefly lived for a few years and definitely ended up renting some murder homes- neighbors would tell me stories of what happened after I moved in, just bad vibes all around, and I hated it.
From the pictures of the last time it was on the market gutted it's actually got "good bones" --those old 1920s villas are stunning- large foyers, high ceilings, old growth frames (albeit some of the bedrooms are usually pokey with no closets).

West coast is always tearing old stuff down, would be nice to see someone restore it. Gutted it's still not worth double the value in 3 years though. Even if the land is worth a lot, not 5 million for a half acre lot with a tear down on it.
where's this?
This is Toru's trajectory in Murakami's Wind Up Bird Chronicles. I'm not in love with that book for many reasons, but Murakami does make it work, and it is a beloved book by many. I'd call him a passive protagonist. It's honestly a hard thing to pull off, so I don't think there's really a term for it. 

It's also sort of the plot in Candide but Candide does have agency, just all the worst things keep happening to everyone in that story
turn cover inside out. grasp corners of duvet to corners of cover- one in each hand. Hold arms wide apart.

Shimmy, shimmy, it's heavy, it hurts your rotator cuff, get it all the way on. 

Realize you had the duvet in the wrong direction, start over.
>If my dad can feel this way about one group of people, does he feel the same way about the community that I’m from? That the woman he loved and married for that last 20 years is from? The one his grandkids by my older sister (his stepdaughter) are apart of?

So, here's the thing. Your dad is racist. It's very easy for racist people to dislike an entire group, but have exceptions- their neighbor, their kids, the people they know personally who they make an exception for or mentally to them don't fit into the hate they have for a certain group. They simply bifurcate in their brain.

He also may be a bit of drunk who lets that part of him loose when he drinks. It's worth saying to him (when he's sober) why it hurts you and what you wrote above. A lot of people who lack empathy can only get it when someone they know feels pain and explains it in personal terms. So, you tell him intellectually why it sucks that he feels comfortable yelling racial epithets, he doesn't get it and calls you "a democrat"- But you tell him why it hurts you *personally*, he may have a bit of a moment for reflection. 

He'll still be racist in his heart, but at least maybe not yell shit in front of you.

Other people in comments who are saying leave- nope. You need to finish school. It doesn't make you a bad person to stay with him for a few years and get through what you need to do to care for yourself.
Great deal- enjoy the new car & congrats!
It took me a fair minute to realize it was a hat, then all I could think about is how many tops of hats look like vaginas, and I've never known??
From the Bart. gov website for hiring BART police:

**Current Salary Range $118k to $181k (top step with incentives)**

Opportunities for double time pay

Lifetime medical for you and spouse after 15 years of service, 50% after 10 years of service15K hiring bonus (will change)

Free BART transportation for employees and dependents

BART offers $4,000 per year for educational reimbursement

BART pays for academy and salary is earned while in the academy.

Bilingual extra pay incentive; Field Training Officer (5% extra pay); K9 unit ($950/mon. extra pay)Shift Differential (7% swings, 9.5% graveyards)

Diverse work areas and exciting assignments

Job security

**State of the art equipment, new vehicles, and body worn cameras**

BART PD is highly progressive, **staying in the forefront of leadership and modern law enforcement concepts like De-Escalation training and Fair and Impartial policing training.**

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

They may have been poor negotiators, who knows?
The buyer may have gotten 15K+ in credits that went to closing costs & fixes instead of the sale price. 

Personally did something when I bought my first home at the advice of my (then crappy) agent. Wouldn't do that again. If you have the funds to buy a 1M+ house, you can pay closing costs, and I think now in retrospect it is better to make the sale price lower for the sake of the mortgage.

If you have an agent they can look at the MLS and see if there are any notes.
I'm a big walker, and used to walk in Altadena to many things for short errands under 3 miles- but our infrastructure does not make it pleasant in most of CA.

Sidewalks aren't maintained, plenty of areas where it is more traffic and much less safe space to walk, and the constant trying to make eye contact & prove your humanity with drivers crossing at any intersection so you don't have to become road smoosh suck.
Meh on the manic pixie dream girl or "not like other girls" stuff because it always places some kind of masculine ideal at the center, then plays ideas or archetypes of feminity off of that.

I was super into it in my 20s and was friends with a lot of guys, but then one day I realized it's kinda bullshit and stopped pursuing situations where I could frame myself that way.

I'm a weirdo, and I know it. I don't relate to a ton of things that are normal in our culture that I should, and I've learned to keep some of that info to myself–– in public at least. But being in acceptance of my own eccentricities doesn't have to be gendered or pit me against individual women- even if it does make me dislike the larger paradigm we're all inside of.
Dammit- was this the Modest dealership and how'd you get the extra 300? I took the 3K off and didn't negotiate further, other than refuse their weird safety add-on.
Same- Modesto!
Yeah, that's 3,000 off MSRP- it's what I think they call invoice pricing. 45,000 out the door is what I paid. It's pretty much the best you can do on a new XT (from my several months of watching and trying to negotiate at varying dealers for lower than MSRP). The one thing I forgot to do is get a Subaru loyalty coupon for an extra $500 off.
holy mackerel that is stunning! I love William Morris and the design and needlework is exquisite!!
Ah, thank you for doing TNR and being a long-term foster parent! May Oleander have a nice life on someone's lap, or if it is not to be then living free in a barn :)
Dumbass truck likely lifted the suspension and put on wheel spacers to get that stupid aggressive truck look, then didn't even bother to tighten the lug nuts. Asshole.
Your living with a nightmare. Nothing you've listed here is normal and you keep saying how it is fine & you respect these ridiculous expectations she has. Even taking 3 days off to help someone with *wisdom teeth* removal??? They can pop some Vicodin, eat ice cream and watch tv just fine. It's not like she can't get herself to the bathroom. Ridiculous. No one needs a full-time caretaker for wisdom teeth removal, my god.  

You are walking around on eggshells in your own home, asking permission to have your boyfriend over, it's like she owns the place.

Set reasonable rules, tell her how it's going to be or she can go out there and pay regular rent. This friendship really is toxic. She's not your best friend, you are her caretaker servant & she's got you convinced the sky is whatever color she says it is.
>but to me getting yelled at due to the ED doesn't feel weird or out of line

OP, your inner compass is severely off-kilter if someone yelling at you when you are struggling with a mental health disorder feels normal.

Just because it happened a lot in the past doesn't mean it was ever okay, needs to continue happening or should be your future.
> he doesn't start getting better and talk about what happened to him, she will force him to go to therapy and/or ground him

Those are 2 very different solutions and implementing neither for several months of this is kind of negligent, esp for it to get this bad. Sorry, but it that makes me judge his mom's own judgement. I'll punish him or tell him to go someplace to heal are vastly different ways to address an issue. And, it's not magically going back to the way it was without someone taking action. Simmering resentments rarely get better being left simmering. 

You keep mentioning something happened. Was it the information about college? Or do you think there was an actual traumatic incident that shifted his behavior? Maybe he's mad at his own father and taking it out on you. WHO KNOWS- that's why communication, therapy and addressing the issue is better than- wait a bit then I'll start punishing him.

Therapy now.  And meetings in family therapy after he's done some work to have a safe discussion.

Teens don't completely change overnight at 17 unless something has been brewing for a long time that both of you were just unaware of or there is an incident that upsets them deeply. The incident may not be completely rational (maybe it is about paying for college) but you can't just let it go on for months on end until he leaves the house.
If you suspected mental health (like an undiagnosed disorder) or a physical issue (some kind of stroke that caused a personality change like impulsiveness), that would be one reason to have empathy and intervene. I can't advise you how because I'd have no clue, other than to encourage him to see a doctor and get a full workup.

But without any evidence of that happening, it means he made a clear-headed choice at some point to cheat on your mom, and he is an adult. I am sure this is horrible and traumatizing for all of you, but when someone decides to blow up their life, sometimes you let them. 

I hope your mom has spoken to a lawyer and began proceedings regardless of if she chooses to help him. If his new whatever she is has access to your father's accounts it could destroy your mom's financial stability.
Honestly, it could be a weird hard-hit moment of nostalgia or a feeling about that time in her life without actually still wanting to be with him. Give it a bit and then discuss how it made you feel and what was going on for her, you'll get clarity.
Nice work on the rescue! Cats can have two fathers for a single liter. With that many kittens, I'd say Oleander had been busy & she looks like a kid herself. Please take her to a low-cost spay clinic once they're all weaned.
It's $85 where I live! And I'm in a hugely overpriced state for all things. That should be negotiated down- how much is printing out a sales contract and sending some forms to the DMV worth??
And Echidnas!
You could post in r/bayarea & see if any other ex-pats here have insight on what the transition was like for them.
My god, go to Milan. Have a blast. You're 22, you should be out living life, not listening to a childish needy 30-something calling *you* childish..
ADHD coach. Look for someone certified to work with ADHD not just life coach or whatnot. There are some organizations that will list qualified people online (don't know what links are banned here but CHADD has a list)
as an anti-vaxxer I'll just use my neti pot, thank you very much

(/s)
1.4M in Northern CA (county depending) can be a 2 bedroom, small yard 1970s no insulation... but the school district is sort of okay.
Same. New 2023 & I can no longer get the app on my phone either. 

I think it's been discontinued, & all pertinent content moved over to the My Subaru app, but I wish I didn't have to look at the greyed-out icon in the car. 

Following to find out if there's a solution.
Do not surgically alter yourself for someone you've known for 9 months. Honestly? I'd say, see ya because now I know how he feels. By your 40s it's time to be with other people who understand we age & can still be into you, not seeking out bikini models. 

Only ever get elective surgery if there's something that's bothered *you––* never to appease someone else's standards.
You are going to get your bonsai some friends?
I know plenty of guys who are very liberal-leaning, non-toxic, and into several of your hobbies. 

I'd be pretty pissed off if the person I was in a relationship with judged me on my interests, not my behaviors. 

While there is nothing wrong with two people leading separate hobby lives & plenty of couples who have separate interests, the judgment on her part is not cool.
Eh, instant oats still have tons of fiber & same nutritional value as regular oats- even processed. There only bad when you buy them with flavors and there's added corn syrup and sugars.

Doable is better than perfect, especially when it comes to trying to get breakfast done.
American teeth have gotten Eerily White (to the point of glowing) but that's really only a thing since the 2000s. We've been more obsessed with orthodonture and straight teeth though for the past 50 years.
Divorce Attorney can sue bears for spousal support. How come it is always just the momma bear out there with the cubs?
Don't bother explaining. Things that fall on deaf ears aren't worth the  emotional energy it takes. 

It sucks when your own family chooses to believe the worst in you. I'm guessing this is a lifelong pattern. But, when they do call you lazy, if you can learn to control your reaction- don't get defensive, seek empathy or counterpoint, they may move away from it. Some of it is the routine a family has where they decide on the role of one family member (the messy one or the lazy one) & then pick on them. Getting a reaction is part of what keeps them doing it. 

When you are without meds, just say you are feeling under the weather or have a cold starting and leave it at that. 

It sucks and I hope you do have supportive people in your life, or a way to get some space from it. It can be a very cultural attitude.
If you can, and online dating makes it sort of possible, try pursuing dating with the intention of learning- call it practice dating. 

Ie don't approach every date like "this is the one, and I'm going to screw it up from lack of knowing how to do this" but think "what can I learn from this experience?" If goes badly- what can you try differently the next time. Learn to get a thick skin, people are choosing and not choosing each other all the time, and get out there. 

Probably with everything in your life- especially things like jobs or work- you had a learning curve. Is your learning curve on love a bit behind others? Sure. But the only way you will catch up is if you start somewhere.
So, the worse thing in your breakfast imo is the kraft peanut butter- it has trans fat (hydrogenated oil) included. Exchange that for a health food peanut butter that's just crushed peanuts with no added oils or corn syrup and it looks good to me, esp if it keeps you full for the entire morning. 

A little tablespoon of chocolate chips isn't terrible, and they are good energy in the morning, the peanut butter (if healthier) would be great long-lasting protein and fat, and oats are great fiber.
If he cheated (and only him) & wants the divorce, then it is perfectly possible you are owed by him to pay for your lawyer.

Majority of lawyers will do a free initial consult. Get your ducks in a row asap and start consulting with attorneys, find out if they can initiate he pays your fees. No dragging feet on this or asking him to work with you. 

Do not tell him he isn't supportive no matter what he seems. He cheated and wants you now gone. Take care of your own interests.
Haha, as a Californian dealing with the changes in the past few decades here, I have a very old grumpy Irish relative in Dublin and his complaint is that Dublin isn't Dublin anymore (I think he mainly bemoans affordability).

Nothing is what it once was, just got to go to someplace that feels good enough for now.
I had them years ago once in Echo Park right outside my bedroom in a Jacaranda tree. Then a different group (I think) years later liked some berry tree I had in my backyard in Altadena. That particular group were a bunch of seasonal regulars. They'd nail my car every time with berry poop.

I can never look at solo-pet parrots the same. I know they love their owners and all, but in a party pack those guys are ESTATIC. Yelling and laughing and screaming at each other. I don't know what they are communicating but they don't stop.
Authenticity (without trauma dumping) is very freeing and very attractive *to the right person.*

If this went nowhere then you know: he wasn't the right person.  

Dating is a process of weeding out the people who aren't going to work. You currently have no idea *why* you were rejected (sucks!) but it could be anything from he was already interested in someone else more, isn't in a committing place, total flake, got hit by a car. 

Pick yourself up and go back out there. There will be a lot of misses, but that means you need a lot of swings & only one real hit. (Sorry I am not a baseball person so maybe that metaphor doesn't work).
That's how I got $3000 off (not a wilderness) but the caveat was the better price didn't show up in any aggregate website searches like Cars or Autotrader- it showed up when I went to their dealership website and clicked "online price" & it showed they were doing a deal on all Outbacks in stock, then I could take that to a closer place and negotiate a match.

I temporarily live in a HCOL bubble right now, so I did a dealership search about 100 miles out to MCOL/LCOL areas and got the better price from there.
I just got $3000 off MSRP on a 2023 Subaru Touring XT - not the newer Wilderness- but I think it's very area dependent. 

In most cases, doesn't hurt to ask. If you can find a dealership farther out from where you ar with some negotiation room then take that to a closer dealership, sometimes they'll match.
Gotcha. I still say be careful of duplicating the realistic repetitive nature of patient's notes because if it gets overly repetitive the reader (who isn't a clinician) will start to want to skim that section making it filler. If the patient's notes can occasionally be repetitive only where that informs the reader (say highlights the difference in the journal experience) while also adding information and moving things along it works well. That's just my opinion.
Ah, I left the area a year+ ago when it was still sleepy. Honestly though, good for them, it deserves to make it. Hopefully, it will die down into a steady stream.
I think it's a twofer- people often have some sort of freeze reaction in the moment when shocked, so it seems like they are acquiescent. 

Even though someone by their goddamn 30s should understand consent, porn consumption + the internet has culturally shifted expectations and normalized a lot of behavior that actually deserves clear consent first.

I think all porn sites should be regulated to have a mandatory 1 minute or so public service announcement on what safe consent is, but it will never happen.
>will not sell house/cars for the foreseeable future

He needs to. 

&#x200B;

>Multiple credit card debts around 10k (not my personal usage, my parents used it in my name)

Going to need that paid off. Not to be brutal, but if your father chooses to drop the ball on those payments, you will live with the consequences for decades & you are already working 3 jobs. You will need to advocate for yourself. 

I am really sorry for your loss. It also sounds like you are being put in the drivers seat here, and I wish you good luck because that's a lot.
CAR Artisan Chocolate - Manufactory & Cafe. Can't speak to plugs or wifi, but the owner is an incredibly nice guy and the coffee/ pastries are amazing. I'd bet he'd be fine if you asked if it was a good place to work for a few hours even though it doesn't really have that vibe per say.

I had seen people working there before and it never felt crowded any time I went. Just not sure if it is a place to park 3 hours either.

edit hadn't been in over year since I left Pasadena, but apparently it is now a really busy place & the croissants are now recognized for what they are- amazing.
Just because patients' notes in real life tend to be repetitive- if you are going to use this as a plot structure, make sure any repetitiveness exists only in purpose to the story & try to limit it or it would be somewhat a drag to read without any other kind of break or plot movement/ character development. 

I could see it working really well if the main character is the patient, but we get more insight into them from also interspersing the Doctor's lived experience. One chapter of Doctors POV in service of the main character, interspersed with patient's notes. 

Interesting concept!
I lived in New Orleans for almost 4 years for school/work and hated much of it due to failing housing, roaches the size of small babies (sorry- *palmettos*), mosquitoes, some Southern attitudes, loud drunks, neighborhood shootings, and an element of constant chaos that's just not my thing, 

But you could be walking down a street of little colorful shotgun houses at dusk while the cicada started and everything smelled like night-blooming Jasmine (sorry, C*onfederate* Jasmine \*eye roll\*), people would walk by and always say "how you doing" and it was a beautiful place despite much of the rot.
I assume these were her normal social media posts- not some porn site photos- in which case he violated your trust and he violated a normal boundary with her. Total twofer of ick behavior. 

No advice other than obviously needs a long conversation about what's acceptable & take whatever time you need to make sure you feel better about it. 

My feeling has always been that we as humans can't always control our thoughts & there's no shame in that, but we have the power to control our actions.
>related to her living situation and how she was worried if her dad passed away that she wouldn't have a place to live. I feel lied to

I think it is fair to wait until you see her in person and tell her something like: *I am so glad you are doing better. I understand you have trust issues that amplified your anxiety, and I think we can both agree I have tried very hard to be supportive. The fact that you made up detailed lies about living with your dad and fake-worried about his death is a breach of trust for me. I am not hurt that you didn't disclose where you are living, but I am deeply hurt that you actively lied to me.* 

Or, something like that. Without a sincere apology and understanding of how violating it is to be detail-lied to (as opposed to lie of ommission) I would have a hard time trusting this person, or wanting to be a support system for them. The aspect of the lie that would most upset me is it isn't really about safety (she could have just never mentioned where she was living since you two never met in person anymore) it's that she lied in a way that was *seeking empathy.* How do you continue giving so much of yourself to someone who needs a lot of support when you can no longer trust what is real and what's possibly attention-seeking?

If she can acknowledge it was fucked up, that's another thing I guess where maybe you can rebuild trust. 

It sounds overall that you put a lot into this friendship. Do you get any love and support back?
Yes. Yellow boots.
He texted a 14-year-old to kill herself. He sounds like when he was a kid he'd torture animals for looking at him wrong.
Dolores.
I hope you have or can get therapy. That's a lifetime of hurt in that relationship. 

Nothing in your text was wrong, it was the truth, and, also, you don't have to love your mother. You mention you do love her a lot in your post because she's your mom, but, her mental health is no excuse for her behavior & it is not the behavior of someone worth loving. You do NOT have to make up with her before she dies. She's never apologized or atoned. Not everyone deserves forgiveness in this life either. It's a hard truth. People want others to act like things are okay to make their own refusal to say the truth feel better. Not your job to do so. 

What you do need to do is take care of yourself, get therapy to sort out the deeper hurts, and live your best life.
You need to consult with a child therapist and lawyer. If you don't want to co-parent with him because of his behavior, fair enough, but find out your legal rights. He did not sign away parental rights & could sue. You may be better off getting mediation and an agreement of rights signed. Edit: I would NOT go off any verbal agreements between you two without a serious understanding of your legal rights first. 

Also, when/if this all comes out you are going to need help explaining to your kids the whole thing- child therapist consult.
Do you need a house? Is homeownership something you want? Can you make the payments with current mortgage rates? Do you have enough of a savings that after the 100K you'd still have money for house emergencies (because there usually is one). Are you looking to stay in that locations for 5+ years?

If so, house is a good deal only because it is a thing and it does keep you warm. Even with a crash if it is a decent area then the house will go back up enough in 5-7 year cycle that it's not terrible. 

No one can time the market so it's more about what your current needs are than anything else. You could buy, total crash comes and prices go down, but at the same time banks will tighten up on loans, so you are still waiting out a cycle.
Wait- coastal where?? I'm in CA. Coastal is 1 mil for a crapbox.
smoking's gross. think about not hocking up phlegm every 10 minutes. keep going, you got this. 

(and also I still miss it decades later)
Because drug dealers dealing in large sums weekly launder their money through business fronts first. Mom closet money is a one-time thing.
ooh.
One thing I was told by my very upfront & honest Real Estate agent (who truly believed there was a bubble even 2 years ago when I sold with her)–– Until the word "recession" is officially spoken, everything is in crazy land. Once a recession gets official, then house prices (especially condos or townhomes- because those always lose value first) drop. In a market where 40-50% of buyers are cash you will not see interest rates shift much. Only a recession, job loss, etc. 

But! rents do not necessarily go down in a housing market downturn or a recession. They may dip for about 6 months, but then you usually have more people renting during recessions than normal markets, and rents stabilize and continue to increase. 

Take that info as you will. If you are not ready to buy I would apply the same "hunt" mentality to rentals to look for a better deal if you can grab one.
As an American ex-smoker part of me thinks if I make it to 70, I'm going to pick one of these smoking countries and spend my last 10 years on earth growing cancer and yellowing my teeth while drinking espresso and chain smoking. 

I mean, I get it, it's gross as hell. But, sometimes I miss that feeling.
Ambiverts are a thing. But, also, being an extrovert just means you get energy from being around people and being an introvert means you get energy from alone time. How good you are with people, how talkative or entertaining, isn't really the defining quality. You could be awkward and not very verbal- but still need to be around people and be an extrovert. You could be engaging and chatty with stragners but need alone time to energize- so, introvert.

I'm great in front of groups, can be very entertaining, used to give lectures. While I get energy *during* those situations, as soon as they are over I'm exhausted and need to just sit and decompress by staring at a doorknob for 6 hours.
Because she doesn't love you and may even be bordering on sociopathic levels of zero empathy, my friend.
From your comments below:

>I didn't tolerate it. I spoke to him I just don't understand. I feel embarrassed. I dont know if its my looks or my personality or something else

OP- do you even see how you are thinking about yourself in response to gross disrespect from your husband? 

Rather than realize- my husband is disrespecting me, he's pursuing a form of intimacy with his ex and pretending I don't exist, he's acting a bit like a high school mean girl... You are listing all the things wrong with yourself to be disinvited, thereby indicating some part of *you believes you deserve to be treated like this.*

This isn't about you not being good enough in any sense, it's about your husband treating you like an afterthought and with disrespect. Instead of viewing him as possibly cheating, lying to you, and/or being a dick why are you focused on how if *you* were different it wouldn't have happened??? *He's the one who should be different!!*

Question: does your husband pick on you, cut you down in small ways, or compare you to & make you feel less than others? Or, are you with him because you already had very low self-esteem and believe you deserve to be treated like this??

Friend- think and want better for yourself. You aren't in the schoolyard waiting to be picked for kickball & found wanting, you're married–– to an ass!
No landscaping or fence was going to mitigate grease air and people blasting music waiting in the drive-through at 1 am.
You are 19 you should go, live life. Just have some street smarts, make sure your friends will all have each other's backs, and don't drink until you are stupid drunk.
Eh, if you aren't homeless you have options in SF to avoid public bathrooms or at least use a good one. I haven't lived there in eons, mind you, but I would always go into one of any number of fancy hotels and use their bathroom. Certain neighborhoods, yes, you are out of luck- no fancy hotel, but if you are friendly you can usually pop into a corner bar and ask nicely and they'd let you.
Your boyfriend tolerates this, which is not okay. It's on him to tell them to back off, and he hasn't.

But, also, next time they ask for a freebie say "No, can't do that- it's for your own good. I wouldn't want to sully your pure soul with my corporate blood money."
>She has a drinking problem, and I don't mean like an alcoholic. 

Oh, no, she's absolutely an alcoholic. You are misunderstanding that just because she doesn't drink every day she can't be a full-blown alcoholic. Anyone who drinks the way you are describing & who frequently experiences blackouts is a binge-drinking alcoholic. 

Twice she's also blaming being drugged, and, maybe she was roofied, but she also just as easily could be falling into blackouts with less alcohol than she thought because her tolerance is shot. 

Long story short: you are an enabler. You don't mean to be, but you watch out for her, hope she'll be okay, let her get so drunk she's unruly then wait for her to pass out to get her home- you are caretaking a drunk. As long as you continue to enable her, she's not going to change. 

She needs way more than to "cut down" or quit on her own. She needs therapy, a program of some sort for alcoholism, and a lifelong commitment to stop drinking. She'll likely never be a "just one drink" person. It can hold for a week or two then she'll be back to blackout drinking. 

I always recommend al-anon to people in your shoes with the caveat that 12-step programs have issues, but it is free and available online or in person anywhere in the world. I highly recommend you think about attending a meeting and hearing from others who have been through this. 

If you did choose to break up you would be well within your rights to do so & it may well be the best thing for you. Know that might be good for her in the end too because you staying as an enabler isn't helping.
First off, congrats on the career change! Teacher burn out is real, and I can imagine how amazing it is to find a new trajectory that interests you and that you are good at. 

&#x200B;

>I have been walking on egg shells trying to be a good wife but it’s never enough.

Secondly, stop doing that. Do a reasonable share of chores. Your son is old enough to contribute and your husband knows how to wash the dishes or go to the store. 

>He has begin to signal divorce. 

Lol, does he think a 50-year-old divorcee who is unsupportive is going to do well out there? Let him signal away. He can divorce you and learn how to buy his own cereal.
You are taking meds for anxiety but what about treatment or therapy to learn some helpful coping skills?

Basically, if you ran all those thoughts through some cognitive behavior practice, they'd come out for what they are: anxiety. It sounds like she's a tad flakey, and the onus on getting together is on you. That's more a sign of who she is in this dynamic than leaping to "wants out of the friendship." 

Those are also things that when you are secure you can just bring up to a friend, or when you have several people to hang out with, it puts less pressure on the one. But when you overthink things to the point of "worst case scenario" you can sometimes create the issue you are scared of.

Therapy would help if you aren't in it already. It's really great to work with someone who specializes in anxiety and get a better grasp on the root causes.
I would not accept this. Given you've decided to stay, I don't know if this falls on deaf ears, but I would mandate couples' therapy and her taking full responsibility or I walk completely. 

Otherwise, if she blames you now, she's just going to blame you next time.
The blue in the shade is almost a rich, more interesting gray. I've always had grey or neutral cars though, so I wasn't daring enough. 

It's my second subaru but my first outback & the xt so far has been really fun to drive–– enjoy!
I just got the same, but in the java brown interior with grey outside. Whenever I see the blue in the shade I really like it. Congrats!
She's a 22-year-old woman who does great work for you and is allowed a life outside of her job. If your daughters saw her pictures and thought "princess" that tells me these are likely normal bikini vacation pictures.

Don't bring it up, but if it ever comes back up then shut the neighbor down much more in defense of Sofia. Tell her she's a fantastic nanny and her hours outside of work are not owned by you or your husband. But if it offends her or her husband's sensibilities, they can certainly block Sofia on any social media.
He leaves for a long time to smoke (rude). Gets pissy you talk with someone else while he left you alone (possessive/insecure). Leaves you there (rude and insecure). Is already drunk (alcoholic). Next he proceeds to break down about an ex from 5 years ago, an abortion and his depression on a first date (?!?!?) *so you make out with him???*

The guy was screaming "I am an emotionally stunted unstable alcoholic with serious issues." The 3rd date weirdness was telegraphed to you from moment one.

I'm not trying to be mean. I am just saying this guy was an arse from the get go and each step of the way that he becomes a bigger arse you keep following him in. I stand by my point: **recalibrate how you believe you should be treated.**
I mean, yes, marriage kids and I love you by date #2 could qualify as love bombing I guess, but the whole thing reads more like he's a terrible drunk and batshit crazy, so just why??? Why continue after the first drama bullshit behavior on the 1st date???
Friend, even your standards for what you think would qualify as love bombing are low. Like, that first date was yikes. 2nd one was YIKES. 3rd one was holy hell god wtf?!?

Please recalibrate how you believe you should be treated.
Any addictive medicine is only good to use during highly stressful extreme situations, imo. As a daily tool to cope with physical or mental stress- no bueno. Welcome to getting hooked. I feel the same way about Xanax, Ativan & Ambian. Do I loooove them? Yes, yes, I do. Do they eventually make everything worse? In my lived experience, yes, yes they do. 

Epsom salt baths, magnesium (to tolerance) or potassium (and look into drug interactions if you take medication), but most of all: take a daily walk and then stretch or do some simple yoga. 

It is not easy by any means, but it's the only thing I have found that will be successful over the long term, otherwise, I'm staring down the barrel of physical dependence.
Please don't have a child with an abusive rageaholic who used to hit you with objects. Please. It's not your job to "help him" and don't think for one minute that once you are pregnant this all goes away. It all gets very much worse.
>he just prefers to make the money and buy it whenever we can

That's cute, when's that going to be?

>he was in love with the idea of finding a house together and doesn’t feel like getting it from my dad satisfies this dream.

Again, great *dream*! And, exactly, how much money is saved for a downpayment towards this dream? What monthly mortgage can you afford? Have you looked at current mortgage rates and what homes are selling for?

Sorry but your partner (1) is being an ass (2) **should not get a say regarding an inheritance between you and your dad**\- you aren't married and have no legal financial ties with a boyfriend. 

Do not cut your nose off to spite his face. It sounds like his ego at wanting to be a provider is making him insert himself into something that he has no right to control. He can move in with you to your property and pay you rent if this is really the hill he wants to die on.

If this is in the US the current housing market is a disaster. Most people who get into first homes now actually do benefit from inheritance. Unless your dad was abusive, coercive with money, or a monster... To forgo that opportunity over ego would make me question the long term viability of the relationship. In other words, he's being a very stupid dumbass.
The only advice is block him. 

He's in a frat. There is likely a collection of girl's pics being shared. The only reason he's charming and pursuing you is getting pics from a girl who initially refuses is probably worth double points. 

Also, you have great boundaries & you stick to them- that's fantastic! But you need better instincts to cut out boundary stompers earlier and faster. Everything you describe about this guy is fake charm- insisting on sex, insisting on pictures, sending you unwanted pictures, calling you a tease, stating you need to pay back a favor- ***this is sexually coercive behavior***. You know very clearly he does not actually respect boundaries, yet you are hanging on like this behavior is changeable & there are redeemable qualities here? It's not & there isn't.
I am a woman who is hetero, but goddamn I love big noses on women. Look up Rossy de Palma, or Anjelica Huston. Actresses in the 70s and 80s could still have noses with real definition- before it became law everyone had to get them fixed and have the same little no-character schnoz. I miss big, interesting noses in film and tv–– they add visual interest to faces. I find it so nice to see all types of faces in the world instead of the narrow definition of attractive we currently lean toward (fixed teeth, small nose, straight hair, smoothed-out skin).

The point I am trying to make is you deserve someone who adores you for your nose and whole face, not despite it. Those people exist. It's great this one gave himself away after 5 dates, so you can cut him loose. Don't even tell him why, he'll backtrack. Accept nothing less than enthusiastic appreciation of who you are.
I don't think it's manipulation (depending on the attitude behind it), but you both need a set of ground rules for living together.

Have a clear, explicit conversation. State one last time you want a committed relationship and don't want to be hooking up anymore. If she really does not want that with you then you need to respect her wishes. In other words, not "I'm rejecting you sexually to punish you for hurting my feelings" but- "hey, I need to protect myself here so we're changing our dynamic"

You both need to really decide what is best for raising a child together, get a *legal agreement* in order with both parents' rights stated, and if separate homes is the way to go.

No offense, but the whole thing is really messy. At least put the kid first from here on out, including working on your communication with each other to co-parent decently.
It looks like a pretty small space, so I'd stay with a warm white or match the tile but a few shades lighter (a warm greigey taupe but very light). There are lots of fun colors that would complement the tile- especially in the earthy green ranges, but as you can see with the busy shower curtain already- more feels like a lot with those tiles. Better to get some continuity on the walls and open it up.
Well, sometimes having someone recognize how much they hurt you helps. Apologies are great, but not if they don't include a complete understanding of the pain they've caused.

Think of it this way: currently you are struggling in the friendship. You are worried if you bring it up you will be put down or they'll minimize it. But, what if they realize it was really bad for you and acknowledge that so you can feel trust again?

\*Say nothing- friendship is struggling in its current state

\*Say something and it blows up, well, at least you got your answer as to how good of friends they are.

\*Say something and clear the air, friendship is made whole again.

The other thing is sometimes friendships just run their course. But its always worth trying communication first before deciding that
Next time he does it in front of others calmly respond "I'm sick of feeling like shit around you. Every time you insult me about how I look it isn't a joke, there's nothing funny in it, it's just mean and spiteful, please stop."

Do it in front of others. People go along to get along until someone stops it. If you stay calm and speak clearly without sounding upset it really drives the point home. Basically, a little public shaming is needed. 

Also, you are defending him in the comments as decent 90% of the time, but he's really not. He's a misogynist that saw you as someone who could potentially fuck, and now that that's off the table his instinct is to deride you. Not really a friend and actually not a decent person.
The post actually makes more sense if they were all living in a zoo.
I think you have a drinking problem.
>picks her up by just her collar so she’s hanging off her body weight

Yes, it is an abusive relationship. And, please, for the love of all things decent, keep this horrible person away from your dog.
Redwood's root system dry up and shrink in the drought, then the tree suddenly fills up with water too quickly from these rains making it really heavy, plus add in the high winds. Several have come down in and around Santa Cruz mountains.
Not all age gaps = abusive dynamic. But she's young, like really young. Hasn't graduated college yet young. The difference in life experience between 22 and almost 40 are pretty huge developmental gaps. 

I'd give it some time because the crush part may fade if you have longer to realize her youth. Be friends for now, but also respect the boundaries of the group.
People are picking and not picking each other every day. You hardly know her, so it's not like you can really take it that personally that she's rejected you. Just move on with your life. 

Blocking is for exes, stalkers, and toxic people. This is such a non-occurrence. If you are really lonely expand your idea of what friends may look like. Maybe not an influencer, for one thing.
Depends on the state or county but usually, there's some county department that if it is so dirty it's a health concern like rats or drums of oil (“public nuisance”) they'll send someone out to speak with the homeowners plus possible fines if they don't clean up.

Hard to know if they are just a junky house based on OP's post or it really gets into health hazard territory.

Most counties definitely have restrictions on front yards, so if it is spilled over to the front that would be an issue. If it is some kind of fire hazard is another issue.

Edit: Op writes standing water & brush and weeds but most of it sounds non-hazardous, just gross.
*"And you are a rude asshole who can screw off"* feels punchier imo
In most urban/suburban areas in CA we have a lot of coyotes. They are all over LA. 

I consider myself lucky that I've had a few fox & even a few owl sightings, but they are definitely shyer.
Their behaviors at their age are what sounds exhausting. Drama, sloppy drunks, no boundaries. If some woman told me my bf was allowed to finger her while he was dry humping from behind in public, yeah, I would expect them to be about 24 years old.
&#x200B;

>These sound not that bad  

No, they actually sound worse than you realize, it sounds exhausting and demoralizing, you've just grown inured to being nitpicked to death.
Real Housewives of Peoria, IL
Look, I'm not a doctor or a nutritionist, but eating the same thing won't shock your system though- your system will adapt to the expectation of the same meal every day and autopilot on that (if it makes any sense). 

You have been doing great. I would fill my fridge with any healthy vegetable I wanted, then keep the chicken and rice part. If you get so restrictive it's boring and miserable to eat you are setting yourself up for an eating disorder or failure on your diet. Don't restrict varying vegetables, at least. Have a salad with chicken one day! It is healthy and good. The calories in & the calories being good fuel for your body is what matters. 

There are carbs in onions (fructose) which is a HEALTHY carb- it's also a prebiotic which means it helps process probiotics in your gut. ***Eating some sauteed onion is in no way going to derail you from your goals.***
He's basically placing the burden to break up on you, otherwise, he's telling you you are a placeholder.

It's an incredibly weak-willed way to go, & he never should have met your parents if he knew this was how he felt. Be glad you are getting this info now & be glad to break up. Even without the religious issue, he has pretty big character flaws including being unable to stand up to his family.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Henry, Bowser, or Frankie.
The chances of talking to hoarders directly & that gets them to change their habit is slim to none in my lived experience. If it is a married couple where both partners like to "collect" you are totally doomed. Sometimes it is just one partner, and then there is a window of reason to work with the other one. In this case, neither of them mind living in a dump. Hell, they are living their best lives from the sounds of it. 

Report it. Will that fix the issue? Maybe, maybe not, depending on where you live and if there are actual fines or consequences. At least you will know you took action, then wait for your trees to grow.
Based on the comments below you are now facing the consequences of expecting someone to always pour from their glass, but never really being in a stable enough place that you could do the same. 

She dumped you because you have notoriously bad relationship patterns, and while she could cope with being supportive (above and beyond normal friendship supportive) when you were physically sick, she doesn't have another one of your drama-boyfriend support cycles to go through with you.

Maybe unfair! Maybe this is the guy! Sometimes we burn people out though & it doesn't matter if this time is different. You just have to accept that's where they are at. I think it's a low blow that she tells you to come back when the shit hits the fan, (as opposed to at the one-year point when it turns you are now in your first stable relationship) but she's coming from a place of total burn out. 

Not much you can do but in your heart thank her for what she has done for you, respect her space, and hope you two might meet again down the road.
Two things going on at once- in her grief she couldn't express her needs, and in your ADHDness you didn't think to say out loud what you assumed was known- for her to tell you what she needed and you'd do it. 

In all fairness, even non ADHDers are not mind readers. Now, if she had asked you to go with her and you flaked, I think you should beat yourself up. But, this one is kind of a gray area. 

Send her some nice flowers or buy her a plant and ask her what you can do now to support her. Later, when she's out of grief, tell her you do much better with explicit instructions and you do want to support her.
I mean, she's 54 & hanging out with these people. They all sound exhausting.
A teen soap opera because this guy's friend's circle never grew up.
>this problem just will not go away

The problem is your friends, period. Even if you all loooove Bob, he's enabling a significant other who is a nightmare person. He's complicit in this.

Also, honestly, from your description of events you hold your fiance as responsible for starting this. An outside perspective is that the friend group sounds like a bunch of immature drunk frat guys and sorority girls who are too old to behave the way they do, and they are ganging up on your fiance for seeing them for what they are.

You are in your 30s. You keep your friendship with Bob separate and go out and make a new friend group with your wife, & realize this is not an acceptable social combination moving forward. Your loyalty should be to your fiance, and if an entire group of people is tacitly going along with bullying her (by believing Sarah's bullshit) then you should be cutting those people out of your life too.

edit- rereading this- you'll throw Sarah out if she causes problems. She already ruined a pre wedding event. Throwing her out mid-wedding IS drama. I think you are way more of the problem than you realize. You've been hanging out with toxic immature people so long you don't even know what normal behavior is.
MMmhmm sipping a nightcap at the bedroom bartop table while the significant other takes his or her evening deposit. Charmed life.
If she's drinking like an alcoholic, you are doing her no favors by enabling her. When you give someone an ultimatum like "I will leave unless you quit drinking" and they don't quit- then you go. Otherwise, you have removed any reason for them to change. She'll have to do that on her own. 

Talk to a lawyer and get your ducks lined up. That debt is probably both of yours now, but at least if you divorce now it will be capped at 20K. In another 3 years it may grow exponentially. 

As for her dying without you- people are resourceful, especially alcoholics. Trust me when I say she'll survive.
First of all, get yourself some flavor: onions are flavor. Are they sugar once sauteed for awhile? Sure! But also good fiber and antioxidants. 

Secondly: Is this ALL you are eating?? chicken rice broccoli?? Every day? All meals? 

While you can get enough nutrients from that meal, mix it up for the love of life! Think of it this way: one veg, one protein, small amount of healthy grain- do a poached salmon for a few nights a week, try an omlete, or a small turkey burger. At least change up your greens. Different vegetables are going to have different nutrient values, and getting more colors in there- red bell pepper, some carrots, bok choy or spinach- would go a long way to making this a great and healthy way to meet your goals. Try some bulgar quinoa or millet. A handful of berries a week isn't going to get you away from your goal and also supplies more needed antioxidants and vitamins. 

Only eating the exact same meal every day for weeks (months?) sounds very close to getting yourself into disordered eating.
my mom did that with one of their little mini tea roses, and it also has flourished in her garden for something like 15 years now. But tea roses really are outdoor plants.
 I wear glasses and every time I go around a curve staring intently at the road it thinks I am not looking at the road. Something about the glasses or lighting or maybe my head doesn't move enough? But on curvy mountain roads I have to remember to turn it off or it s hell- every bend getting yelled at when you are paying attention.
I'm confused- if you were non-monogamous when he slept with the last sex worker, how is that infidelity? I think you need to be fair here and not ascribe infidelity where there was none. To be taken aback or unsure of how you feel that your partner paid for sex is totally understandable- but he didn't cheat on you.

It is uncool that he didn't reveal this much of history to you sooner. That part can feel like a betrayal of trust, for sure. 

I think part of it may be that there's a loophole to paying for sex versus dating or hookups- in that you can just order service without any of the rest of the work of dating so it can seem dehumanizing. And, even if you aren't judgemental of sex workers themselves, maybe you are judgemental of johns?

I can't say how to overcome it, but if you really love him and the relationship feels worth it, then give the news some time to settle.
Getting married at 23 is actually very different than getting married at 29. You are staring down 30 and have finished your 20s, she only just started hers and has been in a relationship with you since she was 18.

If you two have never really spent more than a week apart, she's not wrong that she should take time off. My best guess is you have been in a caretaker role for most of this relationship. She has told you she loves you but isn't in love with you, that she feels like she has missed out on parts of life–– and you are telling her you do know how she feels better than she does. If that sort of thing bleeds over into other parts of your dynamic, whether you mean to or not, you may have been controlling.

Let her go away for a month. You don't want to marry an unwilling partner and you don't want to be convincing someone they are actually willing. I can't say if it'll end it, likely it does and this is the slow ease on her end–– but if she does come back I think you both should seriously consider postponing the wedding.
Get her a proper diagnosis. 

Coping strategies can be learned- including visual notes, phone alarms, looking at sorting tasks that play to her strong suits, learning how to get some tools to help with executive functioning, & including possible medication.

Otherwise, you telling someone "just think" who has ADHD- no matter how loving or kindly- doesn't fix their ADHD. 

Now, if it isn't ADHD and she's just stressed & rushed that's different. But rule out ADHD first.
I'd be very worried they tiled without putting a shower pan liner in first and you already have wood rot
That's Chucko, the barrel-of-monkies monkey!
Finding a good therapist is really, truly difficult, I absolutely empathize with that. But are you taking any other action to help yourself? 

It's a lot to place *untreated* mental illness on a significant other. It's different if there is a treatment plan in place and some tools being learned on your part how to communicate your needs clearly. If you get snappy and moody that is not okay–– imagine wanting to help someone but not being able to predict their mood or how they will receive it–– eventually it leads to just walking on eggshells around them. 

What, specifically, do you want him to do to help you seek outside help? If you have some clear criteria, like stay with you while you do a google search or make one call per week, then ask specifically for that. Otherwise, it's this amorphous request for help while also taking your moods out on another person. 

I would highly suggest getting a "good enough for now" therapist who specializes in generalized anxiety disorder. Maybe they aren't a long-term therapeutic partner to explore deeper trauma with, they aren't the right age or you don't feel they get you completely, but they have some sort of modality, even CBT, to help you get started on taking back some agency over this yourself.
You are ok with having a child with someone you've known for a couple of months? The dude's a relative stranger. Wait until you have a child and he's running to his friend before approving any life decisions. 

I'm sorry. There's close to no way this works out.
I'd take this over to r/RealEstate given some mortgage lenders hang out there (maybe here too). Your next best is looking at ARMS (do with that what you will) or trying credit unions.
If you are parallel parking then you are going park assist will freak out and beeeeeeeeep as long as anything is in the "red zone" including a high enough curb. Look at your rearview camera next time it's in reverse. RAB is on the left and P for Park assist is on the right. Turn P off and no beeps.
Tell her you are taking a break then do a temp block. 

You don't need this right now. What a clusterfuck of behavior. Reserve your emotional energy for where it matters.
>After that, he told me many other things that he wasn't impressed with about me. 

I am at a complete loss as to why you started dating again after that. 

&#x200B;

>He clearly has way higher emotional support expectations

He's needy. You can just say needy. 

&#x200B;

> I do not want to cut him off completely, since he's going through some stuff

NOT YOUR PROBLEM. You've known this guy for a month!! A MONTH!

You all aren't compatible in the least. When you are dating someone *at least* the first month should be fun getting to know them! This all sounds like work with a critical guy who demands care taking. Exhausting. 

Send a short text: *We aren't compatible and this isn't working out.*
I lived briefly in an ideal fern climate- lots of warm rain + high humidity. People had porch ferns that looked like that. 

Even there, under IDEAL CONDITIONS I kill ferns.
>My home country is generally politically apathetic. There’s just not much to be involved in and everything is working 90% great.

Where'd you come from because I'd like to move from the US to there???

General distrust in government has been a part of US culture for generations, but we are now living in a "post-truth-my-facebook-conspiracy-is-as-good-fact" America, and it is *tiring.*
Age gap, in the comments you state that you previously told him CLEARLY you are not into BSDM. There was no pre-discussion this time (which in BSDM there should always be a discussion of what is okay and how to communicate to stop) where he got permission. 

None of this is okay. The fact that it startled you into not reacting in the moment is exactly what he's testing for- how far can he push non-consensual behavior with you. 

Don't feel bad that you were too shocked to say or do anything, just get out now.
My Trader Joes plant experience: (1). Bring plant home, settle it in, plant lives forever, grows into nice healthy plant. 

(2) Bring plant home, settle it in, dies within 2 weeks of seemingly nothing
>I find that it takes a fair amount of emotional energy to maintain text conversations with people I am dating

You are in grad school and working, you might not have enough emotional energy in general to date toward the goal of a serious relationship. You mention in college it was easier because you lived in a campus environment. In real life, you do have to commit a certain amount of time & energy to trying to meet people, and unless you are in a cult or living on a commune, it'll be rare to ever have that kind of built-in social life again. 

It's pretty common for people to text as a way to build intimacy. If that's really not your style, tell people early on while you are dating that you tend to prefer in-person conversations, and are not a great texter. But, also, really consider if you have the space for a relationship right now, too.
Separate accounts isn't the issue, but given you are not earning the issue is (1) you have no real idea what his earnings are or this mysterious budget (2) you are reliant on someone who is keeping you in the dark.

I'd tell him either (1) you get to know the full amount in his accounts (even if your name isn't on it) and that there is a decent and mature discussion about cost of living increasing to run the household, and he stops asking if you've paid down your credit card with monopoly money. OR (2) you are looking to go back to work part-time. In which case, he can expect to pick up some of the household chores you currently take care of. 

Others mention it's bordering on financial abuse. For 2 earners 2 separate accounts and one joint account make sense to me. For 1 earner to have 1 account the other is in the dark over is a messed up dynamic.
Kaiser is hit or miss. My parents have it. Kaiser probably saved my mother's life. Meanwhile, I am pretty sure the care there (and a lot of neglect even when I have tried to advocate for him) has likely shortened my dad's life. 

Sutter Health (Palo Alto Medical Foundation) takes my PPO and I think they take Anthem. If I do a lot of research on doctors you can get some really good ones there and it is affordable. 

If you need a specialist at Standford, Sutter Health doc can refer you and then it should be covered by Anthem.
I mean, you bring up fire exits- the pandemic was also the same year the entire west coast was on fire for a few months there. Personally think we don't like to admit 2020-2021 was a mindfuck of massive proportions that changed the way a lot of people behave.
Honestly, you'd probably prefer to see shows at the Wiltern. I don't know how old you are, but it's been my lived experience that at a certain point in my life I no longer enjoyed any situation where I felt sardined into a crowd indoors. Places like the Hollywood Bowl always feel good because the outdoor nature and it's well organized, but even then the Greek Theater is better imo for a show because it's just a nice size.
Work-life balance everywhere in the US is going to be tough. But, culturally, Texas (imo) is its own tough nut to crack. I have only been through varying cities in Texas a few times so I am not going to lie like I know the state, but it always feels like being in its own country within even the US. 

Is she open to relocating within the US? You could take time to do some traveling and find a better region that suits you both. You'll still work until you die- but the US is huge with regions that really vary in terms of lifestyle and climate.
A conversation in a respectful marriage should make this stop. You should be able to say something like 

*Albert, you never use my name, Myra, and it hurts my feelings. Furthermore, the bird whistle to call me is degrading. Either start using my name and asking for things nicely or I'll be ignoring your bird calls. If they continue, but by all means, you can find a Blue Jay to fly in and assist you.* 

**Then start actively ignoring the damn bird call.** He continues because it works. Hell, when you hear it- throw on a coat and go run an errand or take a walk. 

He's trained you like a dog, so reverse-train him like a dog. Also reflect on other aspects of your marriage where you husband is demeaning. There's usually more than one facet.
Go back to therapy. Stop saying it's a one-time thing. Your daughter is going to remember that afternoon - or at least have a deep emotional imprint of when 'daddy cried over cookies' for years to come. 

>I told her that she has no idea how I feel because I've never seen her braking down like that and questioned whether she even misses her late husband. 

And, that is a very self-centered view of grief and a low blow to a woman you credit as having helped you through the worst time in your life. You ever think she was busy being strong for you that she had to learn how to quietly process her grief on her own?

Go back to therapy.
P means Park assist was probably on. It beeps like hell.
Oh, wow, that's tough. 

He either agrees to marriage counseling and he works hard at your marriage or divorce. Pretending that having a dating app while your wife is raising a newborn is a whoopise daisy is beyond bullshit. It's divorce worthy, but I can see why you wouldn't want to go there first.  He wants to fix this? Then he starts showing up. 

I believe kids are better off the children of divorce with parents who can co-parent well than growing up witnessing a loveless marriage.
She's 25 so she's the youngest. She might be a manipulating cow, or she may be extremely insecure, or maybe both. Whatever it is, she's a social bully and she's picking on you. Stand up for yourself. 

Talk to her next time she corrects you. Simply say:  *Teal is a shade of blue and it really makes me feel crappy when you nitpick on what I say. It happens a lot. Could you please stop?* Do it in front of everyone. Do it right when it happens. Stay calm. Formula: her bad behavior + how it makes you feel. 

Whether she's doing it intentionally or not, calling someone out calmly can make a person correct their behaviors. The others probably haven't even noticed it, but she's not going to want to be seen as mean after that, so she'll work on it. She'll probably come up to you later gushing about how she didn't mean to blah blah blah. Just tell her its a pattern and it needs to stop. 

Next, just talk to Anna about how you are feeling. If she's a long-time friend, she'll hear you without judgment. 

What's the worse that can happen? You already feel you've lost your friend group and are having anxiety. Taking action reduces anxiety. If it turns out she has manipulated people into changing how they feel about you after all these years, then it's the painful process of having lost a friend group- but you deserve better & you already feel like that. Maybe pushing back gets you back to where you want to be in your relationships and she becomes aware of her bad behavior towards you.
So besides betraying your trust, your bf is a drug addict.

edit I see your comments below where you say "it's complicated"

It's not complicated. He's an addict. He will lie, cheat and steal and you can either stay in it and watch it all go down --and addicts take everyone down with them-- or leave now. He's not quitting until he decides to, and you can't make that happen.
If you google 'genetic testing for antidepressants' you will get more info but you can also look up 'genetic testing for ADHD meds'- but the basics is that it can't state what drugs will 100% work for you (not a golden bullet), but it gives a good insight based on your DNA how you metabolize drugs to know which may be better for you in terms of side effects and effectiveness.

edit I don't know why I can't link to it- but Mayo Clinic has a good breakdown of what it can and can't do and how.
Can you make your monthly payments and do you really like your new townhome? Then don't worry about it. 

ARMs aren't as bad as everyone is making out- it really depends on the terms. Many have limits on how high interest rates can go over the lifetime of the loan & it is capped at how much it can increase every 6 months– so depending on the initial rate they got there is some risk depending where we will be in 5 years, but if the 1st 5 years are really low like 3.5%, then it actually may all work out even in the wash. . 

Lots of people are getting them right now, esp. if they plan to sell in 5-7 years and are gambling that they won't be underwater (comps will hold in their area). 

If you are fine with the mortgage you have then don't engage your cousin. Sometimes people are unsure of their choices so talking loudly about it makes them feel more sure. Just tell him that's great he got a good deal then change the topic.
Stop engaging her on this topic. "No, I won't discuss this with you" is a complete statement. No follow ups, no arguing with her why this is a bad idea, just she starts- you get up and leave. Over until it is clear. 

Your mom neglected and abused you. If you haven't tried therapy, finding counseling to learn how to set boundaries with her and take care of yourself would go a long way. You don't have to cut her off if that's not what you want, but you do need preserve your own sanity when you are around her.
Are you in therapy? Because that sounds like a lot to deal with growing up, and even though she lacks self-awareness for her special brand of crazy, you can get help for yourself to learn how to set boundaries with her.
Well, he either (1) agrees with the racist sentiments you've experienced. (2) doesn't *fully* agree (the comment about certain food items means we know he agrees a little) but also deeply lacks any capacity for empathy. 

Both options make for a lousy partner.
I LOVE dates, but they have more sugar in them than most cookies. Do they also have fiber and lovely nutritious value? Sure. But they are sugar bombs.
Freeze grapes. They taste like little mini popsicles.
You're going to love your new home so much that you'll find you have 20 good years left :)
I think it is always worth trying different meds, & getting genetic testing done if you have access, and I fully believe medication is transformative for many people & they should have non-stigmatized access to it. 

The flip side that people don't like to talk about: medication doesn't work for everyone, both antidepressants and ADHD meds. I am one of those people who has had to learn to cope without medication, after decades of trying everything under the sun. I also have non-ADHD related medical issues that I am sure complicate the issue.

We are still in the stone ages in terms of understanding brain chemistry.
What a partner has to do, bear minimum here, is respect boundaries.  If the boundary is too difficult for them, then you can agree to break up.

Just because he respected one boundary (giving up only fans) does NOT mean he can disrespect consent and secretly film you without permission. Ever. Doing something against another person's consent like that (ignoring a clear "no" during sex) is sexual assault.
I feel like you are both being ridiculous- you a tiny, little bit and her a bunch. She's taking something that isn't personal (your taste in food) and equating it with love and then reacting like you are personally rejecting her. It's over the top. 

At the same time, you really can't find *any* Asian food you like??? I think your compromise would go a lot further to smooth things over if she could on occasion pick at least one or two places to go out to eat that were Asian and you'd join her. In the US there are so many heavily Americanized recipes. Ramen, or a Bento box at a Japanese restaurant, fried rice or noodles at a Chinese place, and plenty of Thai dishes that aren't spicy like spring rolls or chicken skewers with peanut sauce on the side- pretty easy on any palate. 

Bigger picture if you want marriage and kids, you all just might not be compatible. Cooking and eating can be separated in a relationship, but for many people, it is a big part of their life & they don't want to live in a household where different meals have to be prepared. Kind of like a vegan and a meat eater trying to make it work. Not saying you can't- but not everyone wants to try.
I'll never join a cult because I can't commit to one way of thinking.
Oh, I read all the same articles. Selling was a calculated decision I don't regret, but other people's FOMO-attitudes and panic moving definitely made me trigger-shy to buy or relocate. Migration during a black swan event seemed like a recipe for disaster to me, even if my caution made me mistime stuff in retrospect. 

I've lived in other states. While I don't think CA is paradise by any means and we have a myriad of problems, growing up in a mild climate without humidity, snow, or long dark days has ruined me for other places in the US, ha. Even someplace like Spain looks better to me right now than trying to make a go of it elsewhere here. 

Anyway, I know east coast prices have stayed really sticky, but keep the faith–– your next better home is out there!
I'm in a similar boat- sold in 21 in a HCOL area to unload a starter house I kind of hated (and I made good money off of it, so I can't complain about that), but unable or unwilling to jump back in. Considering moving to a MCOL area, but also worried somewhat about the transition. For me, a MCOL area could get me a wonderful home with a small mortgage based on my equity from my starter home, but I also know how this country reacts to my kind moving in (Californian) & need to really want to make the move (currently don't). 

Anyway, in CA no one older will ever want to sell given Prop 13 made their tax evaluations stay  forever low. In an area without that kind of stupid move, people would likely way the pros cons. For some older people the only way to make a move on a paid off home worthwhile would be if downsizing was necessary, otherwise, it's still likely more cost-effective to age in place.  

The only thing I can see impacting supply would be job loss during a recession (which I don't actively wish for because it is hard on everyone), or regulations on short term rentals where the landlords don't see the value in long term rental tenants.
Untrue. It very much depends on location, but just as much on the era of construction. 

Century homes (early 1900s-1940s) in the US often appreciate more in value. During 2008 crash century homes did not depreciate as much as newer builds. 

There are also mid-century homes that are wanted for the architectural style (think Frank Llyod Wright) and go for millions even in the midwest, then there are mid-century tract homes made out of cardboard and asbestos. 

Now if you are talking about newer builds compared to newer builds (ie a new home development versus a development built in the 90s) the newer ones are usually preferable in that they are less dated-looking. But they will be dated in 30 years too. Some newer builds, however, are really well made, better heat and cooling insulation, better noise insulation, etc.
There are better locations for mobile homes than others. I know someone who is renting a mobile home, and it is profitable for the owner to do so. It's an arid climate- so no mold (which is the enemy of mobile homes- they aren't worth the cost to remediate mold once it takes over) & a stunning natural location. People want to live there to live in that area, so it will be unlikely to go down in value. 

Otherwise, mobile homes make sense if you are a retiree and you know you have a limited time left on earth. Because of the eventual decline of the building materials, resale value isn't as important. Even then the risks are that you don't own the land, so if a new company takes over the park your fees can increase dramatically. 

Think of them as condos built out of worse materials with less long-term value.
Can you get therapy on your own without her knowing? Because you are going to need help learning how to navigate life after growing up with a really controlling mom. It may be coming from a place of love and anxiety from her, but it is damaging not to learn at appropriate developmental ages that you are capable of handling things on your own.

The good news is you can learn to handle things on your own, and you can learn how to give your mom boundaries. While you are under her roof, I would not get hung up on the curfew right now so much as admit the bigger picture: your mom created a dependent daughter so she could keep you under her control. That is unhealthy. Your overall goal is to teach yourself independence–– it is to move out of your mom's home and live a healthy life with good boundaries with her.
You can be the one to file for divorce.
You state in the comments you are at peace with it now, and in the post that he's trying to make things right because of current guilt. 

This is going to be like a storm system, there will be calm and then a new storm system blows in. Prepare yourself for that eventuality that until you are through this and on the other side it, there is no real trust between both of you. There is a lot of money is at stake and things can get nasty, from you or from him.  

Go to a fantastic lawyer asap and follow what they say- including documentation of all major events. 

Make a promise to yourself now **not to use your kids as pawns.** You both actually can get through this and eventually come to a place of agreement and resolve, but if you try to damage each other's relationship with your children it will be a wound that never heals. 

Good luck.
Just wave next time. If he waves back then you know he sees you, if he doesn't that answers your question.
Ugh. Actually, I found school reports from teachers all saying there were probably learning disability issues, my mom just ignored them. :(
I sold a starter house (that I hated for 5 years) at the peak and did very well, but I refuse now to pay more for the same kind of starter house.
Looks like it may be the cover for your cabin air filter?
He should be wrapped in bubble wrap until that day, & when it does come there should be a parade in his honor. 

I no longer live near there, but Roma's was one of my favorite relics of a long-gone era- the strip mall mom & pop shop filled with delights. 

The other great Italian place is Bulgarini Gelato Vino Cucina in Altadena. Completely weird ambiance, beyond slow service, an eccentric owner but fantastic food. 

Both those places are more Italian experiences than Eataly, gah.
Do you want your deposit back and are you okay with an eviction on your record?

Ie bad idea, stupid even, given the landlord is on the property. If he or she is being flexible with you to sublease, don't throw their goodwill out the door.
Go to an Alanon meeting today. They are held around the world and online. 

The 12-step program has serious issues, but when someone like you is in total denial that they are in a codependent relationship with an abusive alcoholic, it's really helpful to find others and hear their stories. It will help you understand both (1) yes you were in an abusive relationship (2) how you enabled it (3) start taking care of yourself.
Excuse me, but the owner used to come up to me and whatever I was going to buy (squid pasta, a jar of pesto, olive oil) and point out the one that tastes best. I've ended up trying even a can of smoked mackerel that was heaven due to his advice.  He's too old now and just sits, but that man is a national treasure. You do not get that kind of service anywhere anymore. 

That plus The Sandwich is heaven in pink paper wrapper.

Eataly is Costco crap by comparison.
Emotionally, it reads Chucky the doll or a tomato person. But, if you weren't going for a flattering painting of Miley Cyrus, it's technically good and an interesting take on celebrity?
Unless every unit in the building is treated there is no future in that apartment building. You can poison, spray, stuff holes and they will continue to breed in another unit and crawl into yours. It's possible the last tenant was bad with food being left out, but I'm guessing there are a few units there that are cockroach pits and the tenants just live like that. I'd document, take pictures, back out of the lease legally, and take all your stuff to get silkwood showered.
It's asking for a wardrobe malfunction of the least polite kind in front a bf's family.
>When the 30 day NC is over, I think I need to stop being friends with him completely

Good news: You don't need to wait until the end of 30 days of no contact to make contact & explain that you want further no contact. You can start right now. Block everywhere and think about what healing from this looks like. Start working on meeting new people.
Not legal advice but psychological: you are dealing with bullies. Based on what they've said so far, they don't play well with others and they like the game of steamrolling over people (figuratively, but also possibly literally). Bullies don't care about laws, moral behavior, or being good neighbors. They only care that they can strong-arm people who they perceive as more intent on civility (aka weaker) into doing their bidding. 

You push back immediately with bullies. You don't fear escalation, because they are going to do that anyway, you get the upper hand. 

I don't see why you wouldn't keep the temporary fence up indefinitely (in fact, I'd get my permits lined up and put up a solid fence between my home and these folks and around the rest of the property, just in case. 

I'd also issue a C & D. Don't follow up with a intent to remove the fence, just that charges with be pressed for further trespassing and property destruction. 

I'd further get some cameras and movement lights. 

Make sure all your ducks are legally in a row, you have photo evidence & document everything. 

Option 4 feels like the worse option to me. It's passive and doesn't get on top of this situation. 

Speaking with them through lawyers for the remainder of your neighborly relations sounds good to me.
I like the knot in the wood on top, it makes it look like an image from a colonoscopy. Strong motif!
> I feel like the only way I can successfully leave is if I completely disappear or he finds someone else.

This isn't completely true. NPD will not want you to leave no matter what. Even if they leave first, they will still need you to be destroyed before they go so no one else can every have you. Either way, here you are getting something you wanted- a path to him possibly leaving- and you are upset & focusing on the wrong thing. 

You do not owe her anything. She can see what is going on, and it is not for you to save her. You save yourself.

**The only thing that matters in a mentally and physically abusive relationship is getting out.** You don't need to completely disappear, you need a domestic abuse shelter, some resources and to get out before he kills you. Recalibrate your inner compass to *your* survival and then later healing.
How does a 16 year old FORCE everyone to choose- she's not paying, she's not the adult ot parent. She's not forcing you to do anything, you're just not parenting. 

You need to make executive decisions. Make sure she has food in the fridge she can cook for herself if she doesn't like your decisions. She won't starve.
>I tell her it’s because she’s earned it, but it’s also because we always end up ordering from the place she wants as she’s picky.

Even if you think you are hiding this fact–– you aren't. She knows you are catering to her. At 16, finding out how much power you have is a pretty heady thing but also, no 16 year old knows how to handle this.

Stop giving her so much control over everyone in the family if she can't make decisions that benefit everyone. It's one thing to have a special day because of doing well in school or her birthday, but she's already a difficult eater soclearly food is an issue for her–– then you are asking her to make a choice for the whole family around.. eating?

She's a teen. She can have some food in the fridge she likes and make her own dinner if she doesn't like what everyone else is eating. I kind of feel like you've created this problem and are now mad she's not mature enough to deal. She's not self-centered, she just isn't the person who should be given the power to dictate where you all eat. That should be you.

edit- from your replies in the comments- she has ADHD & you sound like you actually don't like your kid. Get her help with the ADHD, and get yourself some information for how to handle it better. Again, she doesn't sound self-centered, it sounds like you want her to have executive functioning skills she hasn't developed yet, and so you are mad and frustrated with her.
>I feel like I'm negotiating a business deal

Nah, you can get a better deal in business. None of this is negotiation so far- from what you write it's his financial plan or nothing. That's actually more like an ultimatum than a negotiation.

>He also gets upset and insists I don't fully trust him if I'm hesitant to go all in immediately

Well, I wouldn't trust him. I actually believe couples should fully discuss financials before marriage, and get as much on paper as possible. But you are the only one in this scenario with anything to lose, including your current home.

You've known him less than one year, he wants you to move to a new country, & there are so many red flags and concerns in all of this. A loving partner would be fine with you renting out your current home, keeping your assets in your name only, and moving there for a trial period. The level of pressure in this makes me feel like he's a catfisher or something. Do not like.
edit: Ah, got it. misread. I stand corrected.
So you were not as a couple prepared to adopt a cat & instead abused an animal. You have now completely messed up a perfectly good loving cat into a neurotic depressed cat. The good news is that placed in a better situation, cats can decompress and return to its more loving nature.

You are responsible for either finding that cat a better a home ASAP or breaking up and getting the cat out of there. 

Honestly after hearing you left a cone on a cat for a year and won't allow it to groom itself to enable a girlfriend's cruelty, I really don't care what you do with your relationship.
You've spun out in multiple directions on this- from possible school violence to your own future without children, and to be fair- none of that is really about your sister.

You sound deeply anxious. A 13-year-old from a neglectful home is going to be a handful. Would your home be better than where she is now with a parent that sounds like she doesn't want her? Yeah, it probably would. But if you can't do it at the expense of your own struggles, then you can't.

If you move forward, I suggest making sure you have mental health help first and foremost. Secondly, look into what resources are available in your county- from social workers to free after-school tutoring. It's possible she may be eligible for several services, including getting counseling herself. 

You shouldn't be breaking your back doing her homework for her, and she'll need to learn to have respect. You need to be able to be clear on what your boundaries are with her, what punishments she gets if she breaks rules, etc. Most of all though you have to take care of yourself. If you can't do this now, you will need to back out honestly. The school violence issue isn't going to be enough to get you out of it.
I wish we had a healthier 2-year specialized vocational schooling system that was accredited beyond community colleges. A college degree absolutely isn't always worth it, but there are plenty of entry-level positions or skilled positions that require one when 2 years or less would get people professional enough experience without the larger debt.
Eh, if it's financially feasible (no or little loans) spending 18-22 learning stuff and learning independence isn't the worst thing in the world to do. What's bad is going into serious debt without thinking about what to do with the degree afterward.
You will
That's bullshit abusive behavior. Is she in therapy? If not, she needs to be.

If you aren't going to break up with her, then at least tell her this: you're drained. Her inability to communicate in an adult way makes you feel anxious & she needs to work on communication when she's upset, or you're out. Then you keep to your ultimatum.

If she feels "a mood" coming on she can use her words to tell you she needs a little time to herself. 

>She seemed sympathetic, but instead of making a compromise of some kind suggests that maybe we’re not compatible.

Next time she says this agree with her and walk. That's either some grade-A manipulation or she actually does want to break up and can't do it herself.
Your dad can't repair what your mom broke, but he's going to keep trying. 

Talk to your therapist & tell him or her you'd like to come up with a few neutral, non-commital statements to get out of hanging out with your mom. 

It's difficult being back home as an adult, and your mom made her favoritism of your sister very clear. You don't have to "step up" in any way for her now, you just have to make being back at your parent's house peaceful as possible.
Someone once told me it's impossible to forgive someone when they are still a threat. Given your back at your parent's house, even if she's nicer now, it probably *feels* like she's still a threat to you or at least the little kid part of you that she hurt frequently. 

Secondly, she hasn't asked for forgiveness and hasn't taken responsibility for what she did to you as a kid. 

I'd box up the need to forgive her and focus more on: what do you need to do for yourself to make living at home right now okay? How can you maintain a relationship with your mom right now that doesn't hurt you or bring out past resentment?

One thing that might help is to think about how have you learned to be a better parent to yourself than she was & remind yourself of how you take care of yourself. 

You can forgive her when she's on her deathbed if you want. But, really, we don't have to go around forgiving everyone. The main thing is to not seethe in resentment or hurt yourself with the bad memories & find ways to make that work.
No good deed goes unpunished.
Hey- at least we know the source of your mental health issues! Kidding aside- depression and anxiety can make some emotional development get delayed- long depressive episodes in adolescence can mean not emotionally developing during that period.

But, in your brother's & mom's case, they are misinterpreting complacency & people-pleasing with emotional maturity. In all likelihood, you are exerting yourself more now is you being more emotionally mature & they are the ones who are stymied by their own dynamic.
Just finished watching the final season of You on Netflix, so. ..
I think you are getting offended by the analogy- which it is still used to this day to dehumanize immigrants and has racist beginnings, but the content or the argument- ***statistically*** men are more physically dangerous to women than vice versa, is factual. 

The "not all men" thing does derail the conversation when I think you really needed to state that repurposing a racist analogy to deal with reasonable fears for women undermines her point.
So whatever happened in that text thread- she likely (1) had confessed private things about your marriage (2) encouraged sexting to get to that picture (2) neutrally went along with it & didn't shut it down or (3) actively pursued or started it.

We know that or she wouldn't have deleted the text thread- she would have shown it to you it & proven her innocence.

You've repaired your marriage to the point that you stayed together. But you clearly still feel some betrayal, so your best bet to continue working past that is marriage counseling. Digging up the text thread without any safety net is just going to blow up what you currently have.

I'm personally not on the "all cheating means everything is over" camp. Cheating happens on a spectrum, from physical infidelity to workplace intrigues to inappropriate texts. 17 years together does mean that people will, in all likelihood, emotionally fuck up or hurt each other at some point.

If you go into counseling you have a fighting chance to see not if you can get past this, but actually put it to rest. If you can't put it to rest, you have a solid foundation of how to end things.
Push back yourself ASAP. 

There's a thing in these types of situations that are toxic bro environments. You can either be liked or respected. Being respected means being a bitch, so do that. Fearlessly. You don't need the little chud-heads to like you, you need them to do their work.

Have a little meeting. Tell them, for now, it's off the record. That you understand their bet and it is laughable you'd touch any of them. However, if they don't drop the bullshit and start doing their work, you will do everything within your power to make sure they fail downward instead of upward at your company. 

As for the one at the gym, tell him under no uncertain terms  if he continues to stalk you in your private life you will perceive it not as friendly but a threat and you will look into sexual harassment litigation, and that he also better improve his work.

Look for a female mentor above you in your company and ask her out to lunch. Start a network of your own support there. Good luck.
You had the gall (THE GALL) to heal and move on from the loss of such a winning man. How dare you not be a devastated mush ball forever forlorn at the absence that is his glory?? You were meant to put on a dirty burlap sack and go forever cry with the other unwanted divorcees in the forest of loneliness. 

It sounds like intuitively you have figured out the grey rock technique & his response is the typical flare-up that they can no longer get an emotional reaction out of you. He'll probably move on in a bit, then from time-to-time pull this shit on you again. Continue to keep it cold and professional & enjoy your new life.
Your mom has mental health issues and agoraphobia, so that alone is enough to fuck a teen girl up, then her boyfriend ODed.

She doesn't want to hear this, but adoption would actually be in the baby's best interest. I think you need to stop focusing on trying to get a messed up traumatized 17-year-old to suddenly function like an adult and get her some mental health counseling ASAP. She has 3 months to realize that if she loves this baby, it's best chance of survival would be an open adoption with a loving and stable family.
So everything you described about being the best girlfriend is not what anyone who wants a healthy relationship would ask of a partner- giving pets (wtf??) curfew (WTF). You weren't a human to this guy, but an accessory. 

They always come back right when you are at the point that you have put yourself back together enough to start your new phase. I swear, not a believer in psychic ability, but somehow they know when they've finally *almost* lost all power over you. The reach out is just to try and get that power back for themselves. 

You want to prove to him that you've moved on? Block and ignore.
Dude's ten years older than you and he's an abusive little schmuck. FYI if someone loves you- this is how that conversation should go:

*Person A: Please don't joke about that, it really hurts my feelings*

*Person B: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to hurt you. I'll stop.* 

Hurting someone's feelings, disrespecting them if they ask you to stop, then getting ANGRY at them, then SILENT TREATMENT- No.

Don't reach out or apologize (for what?) and when or if he does let him know it's over. You can do so much better.
TV show, but Big Little Lies portrayed the complexity of love in a violent domestic relationship pretty well.
I'm sorry, but your life goals sound completely incompatible & please don't throw away however many years it took you to finish that PhD. Take the job.
Question: how long are you staying for?

She may have bitten off more than she can handle & is overwhelmed. She may be a total control freak. She may be a terrible hostess. The two of you may never be close. None of it really matters. 

What matters is that your brother is happy. If he is, leave it be. If he isn't maybe he'll confide in you maybe he won't.

I would handle it by being a good house guest. Don't tease or insult her, ask if you can help in any way, and be polite. If she goes quiet, just bring up a lighthearted topic. Unless she's acting out in anger or directly gets mad, there's no point in reading too much into things.
I have a pretty sick sense of gallows humor, and even I can't get funny from this.
Can't you block and request to block all future accounts that person creates? I'd also lock your account to private for at least 6 months.

It sucks, but unless you want to disable your account, that's all you can do. The good news is she'll burn someone else out eventually and focus on that dead friendship.

