

Whether she knows it or not,  you made the right choice in deciding to take things slow while she navigates through her breakup and betrayal.

You can tell her that it's not you putting her in a box but respecting that she's in a vulnerable position,  and that YOU yourself need some time to take things slow and figure dog out too. She's not the problem,  it's a whole situation where you'd like for the both of you to stabilize before moving forward.
Some clarification then: I am not saying your behavior is one to one,  but there seem to be some parallels in thinking and the kind of way you believe is your right to talk people. 

Controlling people don't see themselves as controlling.  They just think people should behave the way they want or will behave the way they want because they're right. 

Cool.
I would respectfully disagree that I'm dragging trauma into my own post. Perhaps I come across as the most balanced to you is because I do my best to be aware of how words can easily become attacks,  being respectful of a different opinion, and patience. Speaking about my own personal experience was my way of indicating that even if you don't intend to,  you may be coming across as a certain kind of person. 

If someone were to word things nicely to your face,  but think in a way that was belittling or invalidating in their mind, where do you think the real intent lies? That's why people are focusing on how you talk about your gf. Nor did anyone told you to silently walk away.  They merely gave their opinion on ultimately they thought things would work out, and sometimes why. 

As for your first paragraph, again,  to me it lacks compassion and an understanding of people being different from yourself. I don't agree with it at all. Good luck.
Sometimes we're not great with words and how we find across in text doesn't have the feeling intended or how we would like in person. So feedback allows us to understand how we are perceived by others.  I don't know you,  which is why I say I'm reminded of my ex (not that you are me ex) by your words.  

People don't think you're horrible for wanting the dog to be better trained.  They think the way you are thinking of the girl,  for her reasons of why she has the relationship with her dog  lacks compassion or a willingness to respect a view outside of your own.  If it's a value that you can't bend on,  that's fine. But saying it's the only view people should have- not OK. 

Again,  it's fine to want the dog to be better trained and to be less invasive to everyone around it. That's not the issue.  I understand you probably feel attacked,  but also understand that you were verbally attacking and invalidating advice or opinions you asked for. As a growth oriented individual, I'm sure you are able to self reflect on yourself and your role in the discussion.
How you talk about her indicates how you think about her. Regardless of how you speak to her, the way you think about your partner is a very important indicator of respect and health.  The way you speak about her is concerning.
Read your post.  Wanted to add that yeah,  there are people who leave their dogs alone for more than 10 hours.  Should they?  No. It's unkind,  and not a great quality of life for the dog.
Copy pasted in response to him! Thank you
OP, in my comment earlier I mentioned compromise is important if you want to be with this girl,  and working as a team.  Everything you wrote in response to u/culturalemu3548, shows an inflexible way of thinking and beliefs. Personally I think everything U/culturalemu3548 said is thoughtful and quite spot on. 

Her relationship may not be normal to you.  But it doesn't make it "objectively strange and unhealthy". You're trying to change your gf to fit what you want, you're not trying to be understanding or accepting,  you're just labeling things as right or wrong. And the truth is,  you're not objectively right or wrong in this. Several people have expressed that you and your gf both have the right to live your lives the way you want in this regard but that it may indicate its not the right fit for either of you. Tbh, more and more,  you come across as someone who looks down on how his girlfriend feels and just wants to change her.

I once broke up with a guy, for many reasons.  But one of the major reasons was that he wouldn't respect some basic things about treating my dog (NEVER drag him on his leash). He was astounded that i yelled at him in public for doing that to my small,  senior dog who weighed less than 7 pounds (i yelled STOP IT and immediately took my dog from him). And the way he spoke down to me about various things,  like the way you speak about how your girlfriend loves her dog and are responding to people,  reminds me of him. Not a good look.
OP, in my comment earlier I mentioned compromise is important if you want to be with this girl,  and working as a team.  Everything you wrote in response to u/culturalemu3548, shows an inflexible way of thinking and beliefs. Personally I think everything U/culturalemu3548 said is thoughtful and quite spot on. 

Her relationship may not be normal to you.  But it doesn't make it "objectively strange and unhealthy". You're trying to change your gf to fit what you want, you're not trying to be understanding or accepting,  you're just labeling things as right or wrong. And the truth is,  you're not objectively right or wrong in this. Several people have expressed that you and your gf both have the right to live your lives the way you want in this regard but that it may indicate its not the right fit for either of you. Tbh, more and more,  you come across as someone who looks down on how his girlfriend feels and just wants to change her.

I once broke up with a guy, for many reasons.  But one of the major reasons was that he wouldn't respect some basic things about treating my dog (NEVER drag him on his leash). He was astounded that i yelled at him in public for doing that to my small,  senior dog who weighed less than 7 pounds (i yelled STOP IT and immediately took my dog from him). And the way he spoke down to me about various things,  like the way you speak about how your girlfriend loves her dog and are responding to people,  reminds me of him. Not a good look.
If it's a huge issue for you,  the only thing I can really see you do is talk to her about boundaries with the dog that you need in order for the relationship to continue.  That said,  I do think  based on your description of the dog and her relationship with it,  you will need to come to a compromise about those boundaries and the role of the dog for her. It's also something that needs a lot of time to change gradually for her and the dog.  

Training the dog not to jump in people?  This is a fair request. Not coming up on the bed while having sex? That might be doable. Shutting the dog out of the room may not work,  so you might have to deal with knowing the dog is looking at you from somewhere in the room. Keep in mind that her reprimanding the dog lightly is not a sign of bad ownership necessarily because negative reinforcement isn't healthy (all you do is teach the dog to be scared,  not to respect or trust your judgment and learn boundaries... remember, that are living things too with the cognizant and emotional ability of five year olds). Time and repetition is key. You could discuss a training plan with her an goals you both agree on to follow for certain situations to get the results you both want (team effort) .  That is more helpful than saying "I don't like your dog or how you treat your dog. Change it". 

Honestly I know for myself and how I feel about dogs, I don't know if I would be compatible long term with someone who strongly disagreed with his i wanted to live with my dog,  or disapproved of my relationship with my dog. I would be really sad feeling like I have to choose. Another thing to consider is that maybe one of the reasons this girl is special and different,  is what makes her attached to the dog in his way.
Doesn't sound like you're too needy at all! More like this relationship isn't right for you.  Funny he mentions compromise when it doesn't seem like he's compromising. It is scary and sad to break things off with someone,  especially when they are a good person, but you can find someone who wants to spend lots of time with you and feels fulfilled by it.
Yes,  it's understandable that it's comfortable.  But the point is that it might be BECAUSE of the church's way of teaching certain values and expectations of married life that it may not be helpful in terms of counseling to work through the specific issues in your marriage.  Of course you are free to do as you wish,  it is just something to consider especially if the church counseling doesn't work out.
Thank you! In complete agreement.  I was wondering if anyone else had this view. Thank you for breaking down the Phantom of the Opera so beautifully.

Don't think Beauty and the Beast is an incel story either; that would be a gross oversimplification.
What she did wasn't a prank but pure disrespect, and mean.  

I never would have done something like that to anyone at the age of 16. Your fiance should have your back but instead he's  justifying his daughters mistreatment of you and not prioritizing your feelings.  Moving in with him and marrying him at this point will only enable him to continue being this way.  Please don't let them erode your boundaries and treat you less than you are worth.
He doesn't seem to have true remorse. Only reason Sam wants to make up with Matt is because the uncle is giving him consequences (no contact). If it weren't for that he'd be content to keep going the way he is. I've found that when people don't come to this decision on their own and only through an outside influence, it usually doesn't last (and this is a clear cut case). Personally I don't think you even have to forgive him yourself. Matt doesn't have to forgive him either.
I have a hard time believing this person is local bc if someone is that big of an asshole,  it does get around the island....
OP never said that he wasn't going to address the situation,  just that he thinks it's a major case of codependency and possessiveness rather than true romantic attraction. 

OP, I don't know which one of it the matter is,  but the truth and result are the same. She's disrespecting your relationship and ignoring reasonable boundaries. She's not being supportive of your friend and his autonomy. Someone like her doesn't get better or change, they just get more toxic unless the person they're jealous of puts their foot down,  and even then it can still go very bad.  Her mental health is ultimately her responsibility in this case. I hope you're able to discuss this with your fiance and if he doesn't listen,  you might have to tell him gently that you love him and it's his choice but it's not something you can handle in the long run so something needs to change.  You support him and her being friends but there needs to be boundaries. And that's perfectly reasonable.
Is your brother's girlfriend really hot or something? I can't see any other way people would be blind enough to tolerate that kind of entitled behavior or for someone to get away with it this long in life...
Ding ding ding, bingo!
Yup can attest. They can be experts in one field and totally dumb in another,  but because they're treated like God in their specific area of expertise,  they think they know best about everything. They are equally capable if not more so of mental health stigma.
Thank you! 😊
Omg what there's something for carsickness beyond dramamine?!?!
Lol Alex will be able to find work in a couple years.  You're thinking everyone in the would cares as much as people who follow the Try Guys but they don't and she comes from a privileged position. There are plenty who either won't know or won't care. She just probably can't work on the youtube entertainment industry for awhile.
Alex is an attractive woman.  Speaking as a woman who is not as attractive as Alex... while you are correct that she is going to face stigma, her attractiveness will give her much more cushion in the long run than say if she were an average looking gal. Attractive people like Alex get a lot of benefits all their life just for being good looking and that's not just going to stop because of this. Her situation is definitely worse than Ned's but she'll probably be able to get back up better than you think.
I've started doing this after having consistent germination failure with aerogarden pods. Totally worth it!
Same.  They've only ever arrived for me like this, and the sponges have often fallen out of the cages.
I'm sorry you're going through this.  What were her reasons?
Dying is part of the process.  Enjoy it ❤️
Yep, it's not you for sure! It was a complaint i saw on here. I decided to try for it myself since why not, it was in my kit.  Mine was not very flavorful despite its thriving. Mint is a powerful grower as well so if you do decide to grow it again in the future, it also needs to have the roots trimmed in my experience.
The mint in the aerogarden variety isn't very flavorful so that might not be due to the basil. 

Basil is a thirsty mofo whose roots need to be trimmed as well or it will take over the tank.
Unless your tap water is very ideal, distilled water is best
Gasssp!! Charizarrrd and pikachu!! Hopeful comment here! :D pretty please
Oh yes I've done that! Its also cool seeing peoples personal experiences here so I thought I'd ask.  I decided to buy some alternative brand grow sponges and just re use the plastic cages and domes.
Hi! Update: it seems to have been a nutrient and watering issue!! I added an extra capful and have been topping up the basil with water more consistently.  The weaker basil has resumed full growing strength and there have been no more deadening leaves :D thank you so much for your tips!!

now to figure out why my Italian parseley and sage didn't germinate (they're in a different aero)... the others did so maybe just unlucky with those two!
Well the ones in the aerogarden shared by the basil are all dead except for chives, they failed to germinate (not enough light probably). I bought an extra little light and am debating what to grow next to them now
I have! My results mostly talked about how to nip above the node, I hadn't seen anything defining what those tiny leaves were. Thank you, I'm having a lot of fun with my first aerogardens. I get quite happy just looking at my plants grow and it's so nice seeing some green.
Will that mess up any other plants I grow alongside the basil? Thanks so much for your responses, I'm learning a lot from them! How much more food did you give?
Thank you!! I pinched one off, worried it was a bud... hope it grows back now haha /cry
Oh thank you! I pinched one off, worried it was the beginning of a bud.... do they grow back even if i do that?  :x whoops...
Ohhh i see, good to know! I'm due to change water in a couple days, I'll investigate the roots then... last time I looked at the roots I investigated them closely.  As for your questions, yes and yes! AG everything. 6 pod aerogarden, two capfuls every feeding.
No bugs at all as far as I can see right now. It doesn't seem like light burn due to where the affected leaves are (and bc I've seen my light burn the plant lol), but I'm hoping it is because that would be an easy fix. One leaf kinda died off which makes me wonder is it is perhaps root rot. That seems pretty tricky to solve
Murdered a man for killing my dog and trying to steal my car.
Thank you!! That is really helpful to know.  I didn't know about light burn at all.
Thank you!! Which size do you get for the aerogarden?
I've had a woman refuse my offer to get her something from the store because she wanted cash to buy a specific burrito across the street.  Wasn't really sure what to think about that. 

And yeah, I've eaten plain bread by itself, bread is delicious!
Thank you! I will look at these places.
Is this an open offer? If so I would love to take you up on it.  We've been considering the move but it's hard since we don't know any other languages than English (would be happy to learn though). Which makes meeting the requirements a bit difficult.
I don't see it at all... what section is it under?
I LOVE YOUR DESIGN! If it's alright, may I please draw it or put it in a drawing? Of course I will give credit that it is your purse design.
But did he apologize for saying such hurtful things and screaming? 

You did something wrong (unintentionally not contacting him to let him know, though that was really understandable in your situation).  You apologized. His reaction was really really shitty and intentionally disrespectful. It didn't matter that you made a mistake first, he needs to apologize for what he did or you're going to end up with a guy who doesn't apologize for his shitty behavior. :/
I'm really happy for you! Your relationship sounds like my ideal.
What do you think makes you guys so incredibly happy?  


I'm married and I would love for my husband to be able to say something like this about our life together.
Thanks for getting back to me! Unfortunately it turns out I had an additional problem on top of that which would not trigger the files to download. Tried troubleshooting that to go avail.  In the end I just Uninstalled and reinstalled the game along with the program for the drivers. That seemed to work thankfully.
Hi, thanks so much for sharing your solution! I've run into a problem... Steam says two files are missing but then it doesn't do anything to update and re-download the files. How do you trigger this? My driver is already up to date so that's not the problem
Does that dog have enough to eat?

It's really cute but the idea that the dog is a stray breaks my heart.
You get the furlcalling finger remedy crafting recipe by purchasing the crafting kit from Kale at Church of Elleh. Requires two Erdleaf flowers.
I don't know your dog but I love your dog too <3
Same goes for boiled crab!
What makes me happy... may I say more than one thing? In no particular order:

Seeing acts of kindness like the one you're performing now ❤️
My dog ❤️
When my friends and family are happy ❤️
BOILED CRAB ONRY
but... but the sheep come back...
I look forward to finding them in every region I go to. They are my lone friendly face amidst a dangerous world.
What a fun video! Thoughtful picks too. Thank you so much for sharing!!

My only real reservation is that of Blaidd, simply because his VA does such an amazing job. The VA brings such richness, depth and warmth to him that I struggle to imagine him sounding like anything or anyone else. That kind voice makes you get so attached to him as he's your comrade.
There are so many Sean Beans in Elden Ring
wait whuhhhh I got some reading to do
Today I learned that lobsters pee through their face.  Ergo, I am getting killed by Elden Ring lobster pee.
Hahaha I did that too, high five my brother/sister/fellow in Marika!
I don't fuck around with rats. I prefer melee but if I'm at a drop kill height, I'm not above making it pebble time. Dogs or rats, are srs beeznuts.
Watch the summon. He sneezes once the crystalian bursts into dust.
Haha yeah I pretty much cast rock sling the entire time while running around on torrent, feeding him raisins, and using the summoning signs.
There is a great book written about it. 

Later the author committed suicide. I heard it was because she found humanity truly horrifying and depressing.
Fedex lost multiple packages of mine in a row and didn't care. Opened investigations, service center didn't respond, worst experience I've ever had and I'm not the only one I know who's dealt with this. Would not recommend Fedex if you live in an apartment complex.
When you hear the noise of the chariot as it stops to turn, shoot the rope of the pot (have your aim ready so you release the arrow when you hear the noise). That should do the trick! If you somehow miss the timing with all the pots, just reload at the grace.
Church of Elleh, hanging out with Merchant Kale.
I love how this is so much like classical illustration. Beautiful draftsmanship, color and composition.
The worst part of this for me is that I actually DID read the description... but silly me, I was like well, I was reborn okay so maybe it's okay for Boc because he has a Larval Tear like the ones I'm using! Maybe everyone else just didn't have a Larval Tear.

It's my first FromSoft game and I'm learning to treat everything like Murphy's Law; most of the time, everybody dies.
My husband just asked me yesterday after I mentioned his I didn't know if I wanted to be married to Ranni (or her consort, etc). He asked if I'd marry Blaidd and I immediately said YES 100%
This is my strat and every time I'm still fervently muttering to myself "please go off in time please go off in time omg please hit aaaaaaa"
The stat point went to good use, I like progressing in the game being able to cast basic faith spells. Thanks for the tip though!
Beautiful work.  So emotive an touching.  It's these artworks that call out to people... the ones we can feel.
You're not the only one. Multiple investigations and requests for info to their service center went unanswered when I had my packages stolen/misdelivered multiple times in a row. 

They just don't care.
\*raises hand\* That's my class. Raised one point of faith just for this.
Yeah, it's the same principle with pacing in movies.  Too much of the same tone and intensity leads to viewers being bored or dulled by the movie. There's nothing to create contrast.
Entitlement isn't necessarily always a bad thing though the word itself has a bad connotation when used.  So for instance, let's say your partner did something very hurtful, but never talked it through with you or helped you heal from it, and got mad at you for trying to discuss it. A lot of people, myself included, would start feeling resentful because we feel that is something we deserve and need, or as you could say, are entitled to. 

In this particular case, OP gets resentful (thinking his wife is controlling)  when he is mad or angry. He gets mad or angry because he wants his wife to make a much effort to spend time with his family as she does with her own, and blames her for not doing so and consequentially, for him not being able to spend time with his family of origin.  That's being entitled, in the not good way, in this context. Why does she have to make sure that they spend lots of time with his family, when 1) that's not her responsibility in general (2) they don't treat her well (3) his relationship with his family is something he is supposed to maintain, not her.  If they were reaching out to her to try make plans and she was intentionally not passing that message on to her husband, that would be a different matter.  Even then though they could reach out to the husband and make plans, or vice versa. 

I hope this makes sense.
He doesn't dodge dragon breath very well Q__Q
You Winnie the Poohed that asshole, good for you!
it's time to become part of a tree!
I just really like having wolf doggos. My good bois
Looks like your gf had a good reason and was being a good person to help someone in need. She's someone you can be proud of.  Not everyone does that for someone else.
Yeah, that's my wishful hope too.
If I had found the twinblade earlier in the game (instead of missing that early cave), I would be rocking twinblades and not katanas for sure
Oh that sounds way cooler than how I did it haha.  I'll have to look up that weapon now, sounds sick
How did you end up beating him? I love hearing how people handle bosses because there are so many different approaches and playstyles, it's great! 

And most importantly.... CONGRATULATIONS ON YOUR SON!!
This made me laugh, so good
This made me smile.  Let Me Solo her uses bleed and frost too! And of course, insane amounts of skill.
You mastered the hardest boss of all.... the character creation!
I haven't been able to get the actual ash of war, just the ability on the claws weapon, but that's pretty much what I use it for all the time. Zoom zoom zoom
Don't worry, Fedex doesn't care. You'll be lucky if your package even shows up.
I'm completely with you here.  
Ordered a very expensive package. It doesn't show up the day it is said to be delivered. A few days later, someone leaves THE TRASH FROM MY PACKAGE at my backdoor. They open an investigation, claim to call me back, absolutely nothing happens (including the call back) and the guy in charge of the investigation refusing to take my calls.

I get a replacement shipped. They say it arrived yesterday... only it's nowhere to be found. So now I have to go through this all over again and my leasing office probably thinks I'm crazy cranky, not knowing I have lost almost 1k in merchandise. Yes, I left specific instructions on how to to deliver, with the customer service people AND on a fedex account. Nothing worked.
I still don't understand what is happening with that anatomy, even after seeing Miquellas image so many times...

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Praise the Sun!  


And thank you! I'm really enjoying the community so far thanks to people like you.
HAHAHA SHRIMP TEMPLE
Oh thanks!! That's really good to know. First time playing a From Software game, so it's been a fun learning curve.

... why did I get downvoted for asking for advice? Lol
Um, how do I kill these... I have 6 faith at level 72, so no healing incantations for me. Is it worth leveling faith though I'm a focused DEX/INT hybrid?
I felt bad for killing the Sofria Rivers one. It was so pretty and it was already dead, then I brought it back just to kill it. Lol
I understand.
Thank you for your service to the greater good ( ' -')7
The one I saw was in the black knife catacombs! It was helpful and kept me on my guard
Was your sign about crabs? I saw one very similar if not the same recently
Some people care about the status of a diamond.  Read a post awhile back about a man's fiance asking him to keep the fact the ring is a mossanite secret.  Not saying whether it's right or wrong, just some people do care.
I want to order one.  Haha

Edit: amazing work!
Thanks for sharing!!
Thank you!!
What system is OP playing on? Looks gorgeous!!
My husband and I were giving each other crap. He said, well you have double the time and further than you are.  And I told him, my goal isn't to beat the game the fastest, it's to explore and enjoy everything.
I'm still fairly new to the game so I'm in excited awe of this video.  What is that weapon and how did he get sleep into that Godskin Apostle?

I love this game, there's so many ways to do things it's amazing!!!
What a kind benevolent soul
Ah yes, that goes well with dinosaurs being the test of the devil.
mm golden chicken foot
Yeah, when he put on his dragon arm I thought dude, how are you going to fit through the doors of your own castle?
Thanks for this (and everyone else participating)! I'm still piecing things together lore-wise
I was just thinking the other day how I always go to the Church of Elleh to chill, sell, farm and generally relax. That and chat to Kale because he's nice.
Godrick keeps saying he's the Lord of all that is golden... and I'm like, what is the deal with that?
Sweet I'll be looking out for your clips then! I loved the cross naginata when I was using it, polearms are fun.  I'm on the Radagons Wolf rn 🐺  which will force me to learn how to dodge ha. I get two shotted by this guy and shields can't save me like they did with Godrick!
I'll keep an eye out for Reduvia! Were you dual wielding hero reduvias? I'm doing my best to explore as much as possible and find hidden things... even even actively looking, it's so easy to miss. What's the offhand you used to apply scarlet rot? 

Thanks for the super helpful info regarding daggers, it's really good to know. I should definitely try them out sometime. I played with a cross naginata with inverted red hawk heater shield for a little bit and have swapped that out with the uchigana (because lighter and faster, though the cross naginata was really fun; still using same shield). I'll keep in mind to find a good blunt weapon to keep around in case of 🪨 

Yay for finding a new playstyle you love! Your new build sounds SUPER satisfying (and probably looks badass). It's great for the game lets you respec if you want to change things up.
Thanks!! And yeah you're right, Godrick does seem easier than Magrit. No offense taken! Magrit is harrrrrd.

That's cool! What was your bleed build around? Right now I'm concentrating on dex/int and thinking of upping my arcane, while trying not to be squishy. How are you liking your new build/playstyle?

Hope these aren't too many questions, it's just fun learning about others experience and adventure
Oh, I'm fighting Godrick right now! Went exploring through a lot of Caelid (can't get that needle guy though ugh) and made some trips to Greyoll's Barrows before then. I had Godrick down to the last sliver of HP and took a hit thinking I was dead... turns out I wasn't and I stood there waiting to die instead of getting that final hit in -__-  so I'm currently trying to kill him still with varying results. I'm still very much working on my ability to dodge and hit strategically, I'm not very good but I'm still having a lot of fun.

*edit: just beat Godrick! Bleed is ❤️
Congratulations!!! :D
Thanks for this post! As a newcomer to From Software's games, this was very positive and encouraging.
Oh, speaking as someone who never played a game from this studio before.... my logic was, if I make these other stats higher then I'll kill stuff before it can hurt me and adjust accordingly on the way! Took me far too long to realize vigor is important and I'm a little screwed since I only started leveling it very late, the softcap is real.
Had a similar experience where a guy stood up and said evolution is obviously not real, it makes no sense! Absolutely dumbfounded the room. 

Same guy thought a children's book about a child enjoying imaginary friends was a clear and disturbing sign the kid had mental illness.
LOVE THIS ❤️
Having a job gives a sense or purpose and routine, and the ability to self sustain. It also helps us relate to other people. The truth is, people also generally respect someone more if they know they have a job. Being aimless with no sense of results makes people unhappy. This doesn't mean all jobs are good and that people should stay in a job that makes them miserable if they don't have to.
The power of product design!
My mom once bought a bottle of wine and didn't tell her friends how much it cost. They thought it was pretty good until they found out it was like 12 bucks, then they started finding problems with it, hahaha.
No need to be afraid. Just let them know gently how much time and effort goes into making those lunches and that you weren't able to prepare that much food and be able to perform your own job well. Then offer to give them recipe if they would like to try make it themselves. They would have to be a whole different level of entitled to demand you make them something they themselves are not willing to do.
 Sounds like they had blood work done, which is a responsible thing to do to ensure there will be no dangers or complications during the neutering.  While doing it without blood work is an option, and it's clear they're not in the best financial situation, I'm not making a judgment on the situation as a whole in this comment.  Just wanted to explain why a neutering could cost $500.
Perfectly put.
This is such a great photo of you guys. You look absolutely happy. You guys are a beautiful couple that looks like they have fun every day!
Seems like OP wanted to invite discussion to see what he wasn't getting or understanding about Brandon Sandersons books, to see why they're so popular. Nothing wrong with that. Sometimes I'm able to appreciate or understand something I didn't like before by asking what others like about it.
My husband and I don't like his books either.  We don't find the writing or plots of his books able to sustain our interests for long... we can get past unsophisticated writing (I mean, we loved Ready Player One for its heart... the writing is not very good haha). I know he's really popular but I just don't like his work (not that I could write a book myself). So you're not alone.

Edit: want to add that this is a matter of personal taste and I respect Sanderson's work ethic and ability to produce, as well as bring happiness to many people through his books.
You guys look happy and fabulous!! Beautiful family. I love your sunglasses!
That's the ratio of berries and cereal I was expecting the first time I bought the cereal, and the ratio I yearn for.
LA was designed for cars, not people.
Or one crazy looking neopet
Hello kind benefactor! If you edit the original post to say it has been claimed, that should help reduce or stop further comments... can't imagine the state of your inbox right now ^^;
My room as a child was a converted attic. It became one of the best rooms in the house, hands down.
778! Stickers and emojis are so addictive. If I win I'll give it to a friend who has been feeling down lately.
Plastic surgery can do A LOT though. I mean, if you were a person with regular features, you could essentially transform yourself assuming you had the resources and a doctor willing to do that for you. You can be ugly and become pretty through plastic surgery assuming there wasn't some greater complication.
Yep.
The SiL accusing your wife of trying to intentionally outdo her is such a clear sign that she got the barbie as a way of trying to one up your wife to begin with. Because frankly, if she really was just into collecting the barbies for the sake of collecting the barbies, why wouldn't she just be happy for her sister getting such a rare and cool item?

You're totally NTA and it's pretty clear why the sister was able to continue with such toxic behavior towards her own sibling. Personally I would not apologize; neither you or her or the barbies are at fault. The sister was being a toxic dick and starting a fight in the first place. I hope your wife can see she is not to blame and be able to move forward and enjoy her dolls again.
puppy face?! you mean he's not a puppy all the time?! he looks like a puppy at 12, what a beautiful guy!
I love them, they're so beautiful and really capture the heart of the Witcher wolf insignia ❤️
Mashing... cats... into... bread... *cries*
Defenestration Nation would be a fun band name
WHERE DO I GET THESE SPONGES WHAT BRAND ARE THEY MUST HAVE TINY HOG MADE OF HEDGES NOW
No amount of anger justifies treating your partner like that, or treating them like shit. It's understandable he was angry, but that in no way excuses his actions, EVER. There's a difference. He should not ever think it is acceptable or okay to take out his anger on you.
So much agreement on everything you've said. It's the sad state of our society and the world that we often think, 'it's not our problem' or 'so what, what can we do about it?' Even if it makes us uncomfortable, it's good to at least be aware and admit if we're not doing everything we can (and in an ideal world, do what we can), versus justifying it as the norm. Appreciate you, OP!
You worded why that phrase is so frustrating, meaningless, and borderline insulting so succinctly, something which I have never been able to articulate. I remember going to people for help, being told they would call me back, and getting a text with those useless words.  Those words (and those people) now instinctively incite disgust.

It is one thing to offer comfort, and another to mouth meaningless words.
Lots of mothers don't want to think their son is bad or wrong when they're the apple of their eye.  It's easier to dismiss and deny, or justify.  Good on you for not allowing your son to disrespect women.
Thank you OP!! for standing up for what's the right thing to do regardless of personal bias or pressure.  That's really admirable and if only there were more people like you.
Wow. Yeah.  That kind of cavalier attitude and refusal to look at oneself when being alerted to the inappropriate behavior is scary and runs deep.
This list made me realize how much of my life has Ben impacted by mental illness. Lately I've been really sad and unhappy over how my life has become as a result of choices and decisions from when I was younger.
I love goog games!
What's the game next to Doom with the little cartoon character!? Looks really cool, I want to try it out!
If you don't mind me asking, what was the final straw that made you leave?  And how did you prepare yourself for it?
True, and there are also people that are "selectively toxic"... like they're only toxic bullies to certain people but great to others too. :/
You did good.  Sometimes the right thing to do is not always the most comfortable or easy thing to do, but you did it.
what happened with those relatives afterwards? was it ever something you addressed with them?
Thank you for your post. It's written so well and concisely, as well as spreading truth to fight a very common and dangerous misconception.
That's what we call survivor bias, though I'm sure your therapist is very good.
This is not true, I'm sorry to say.  Abusers can be master manipulators.
Welcome to Bug Citizen! Where there happen to be a lot of stars. The game starts feeling better once the player starts living around the bugs (unfortunately).

Also, if an elevator in grim hex has corpses in it, DO NOT GO INSIDE.
Just curious, how did you guys hit it off so well? That's a lovely meet cute!
Sadly if this bill passes I could see a lot of big companies just shutting down their LA office to get around this and end up outsourcing more. 


35 hours isn't going to work unless that becomes the established new full time hours with benefits and pay that is matched to be equivalent of 40 hours.  Because it's already hard enough to live in a high cost of living area, even with a partner.  VERY much so if you're single.
Thanks for doing that. It's a sad world when what you did is the exception and not the rule. Most people just do nothing because they don't want to get 'involved'. Makes me sick to my stomach.
What differentiates an argument from a fight for you?
It's disturbing he didn't mind his mom walking in on them having sex that much.
Thank you!
\+1 TO LEOPOLD
SPIDERCLOUD
He was not pleasant, all the way to the end. No apology whatsoever.  :(
The apartment numbers are labeled clearly on the windows. There are loading zones around the whole complex If you entered the numbers and street name on a gps, it would give you my apartment complex and the correct street. Doordash has us write instructions for you guys to make your lives easier. If you don't bother reading them, then that's on you, not on the client.  You can also CALL.
Thanks for being a good dasher!! Really appreciate what you guys do ;__;
Mmm... I envy the life you have lived to make your faith n humanity so strong and wholesome.
Sorry for misunderstanding. The way the food was splayed out, required more force than from a crow.

Edit: lol it would be pretty funny seeing a crow carry a double meat bacon burger wrapped in foil though
Yup.  I can guarantee you we were not rude or impatient or in any way disagreeable. 

People around here keep their dogs on a leash, are pretty well behaved and we've never had that problem when people dropped bags off on front.  

Lol pretty brazen and touchy to just call someone psychopathic like that.
He just was confusing.  Wouldn't tell me what street he's on, just that he was "there" (and he wasn't). Then all of a sudden he was saying that he was at cvs (and suddenly that's the right address). I was pretty to the point, I told him the cross streets the apartment was at. We are on the ground floor. 

Later he was like "'I'm at the entrance to the apartment building". I pointed out there are multiple entrances, could he please come to the cross streets I mentioned?  It was lilt trying to pull teeth.
They are. ITS A SENTENCE LONG.  Can't get much more direct than that.
It was the address listed. He refused to look for the apartment number.
Thanks for letting me know what it's like for you guys on the other side of the fence. 

Funnily enough my post got downvoted, though I don't think I said anything wrong or out of line.
One time my husband went scrambling to find a driver only to find that the guy ripped open the sealed bags, stole a burger, and dumped the rest on the ground. He had to sweep up all the fries.

The guy could have at least said he preferred text but when I kept asking he said nothing and just kept not picking up.  That's rude.

Edit: thank you for the advice though, I will look into doing that next time
I'm sorry! I didn't bookmark it and have no idea how to find it.  It has remained in my memories because as you said, it is an interesting story.  I really espect how she took her own life back into her hands.
Lol I remember a reddit story about a woman whose husband ignored her repeated requests to deal with an issue (his mom being offensive) for years.  Finally she gave up, got her ducks lined up in a row, and told him she wanted a divorce. She wrote her husband was like "?!?!?". When his brother got married and wouldn't take any of their mothers crap towards his new wife, the husband came crawling back to her doorstep years later (but it was too late).... this stuff can eat away at the foundation of a marriage.
Oh I completely agree that one should ask them to pay due damages.  It's just that making someone pay is hard as bad people will just refuse.
Would she even have paid?  It's impossible to get people to pay up sometimes unless you bring them to court....
Oh, yes. So much yes here.
Aw.... I couldn't stay awake through the first three episodes. The changes were pretty terrible and it slogged. Was hoping it would get better but had my doubts based on the major changes already made. Looks like my hope is in vain. Super appreciate this post though OP, was good to read.
What does extraordinary feel like? :0
Be sure to have security at your wedding so you can kick people out.  Your mother seems the type to bring your cousin herself to the wedding.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Wow I didn't realize a 7 out of 10 was extremely ugly.  That seems more like average to above average.
Wow... I dated a guy like that when I was young.  Didn't realize how much I was being undervalued and disrespected and what an asshole he was.  You're worth so much more than some stupid blow job quota. He shouldn't have even been thinking this much less planning it.  You can definitely find someone better, who will think it sun shines out of your ass! Which is how it should be.  Not this.
Lol blizzard... such a lying, morally bankrupt company.  Should have been punished more for Hong Kong as well.
That's not the case if he "misses" her enough to hang out against the fact she any that guy wronged you.
Instead of forgive I would understand moving on with her life despite it.  But her father's actions do not deserve forgiveness. Not at all.  That's rot in hell worthy, what he did.  Thanks for being one of the good guys.
Thanks! I'll definitely give these a read when I have a moment.  Always appreciate learning new things and what surrounds them
Abuse isn't a mutual dynamic. There is such a thing as reactive abuse, or a couple that lack conflict resolution skills. If someone is truly abusive, there's a power dynamic, as you said, with one in the position then couples therapy and even individual therapy is a bad idea.  Because they tend to manipulate the therapists either way and the therapists only ends up teaching the abuser how to mask or justify their behaviors.
I agree with you. And it's so awesome you and your husband have reached that place! That's super impressive and I hope to have that kind of tenacious love. My impression of OP's post was more describing situations where you're being taken for granted. Like my ex who waffled about being with me through his actions (and words) from the start. If I had more self esteem I would have walked away instead of jumping through hoops for someone who could just not feel that way about me.
Lol I had a roommate where if she likes you, then she's just a social beam of sunshine with great morals. But I don't believe kindness is a situational thing, and she definitely makes it so.  She reads self help books but was one of the most selfish people I ever dealt with, but justified it with modern self love language.
Survivor bias. I know people who got it and "don't think it's that bad" and went around doing whatever because "they already got it."
I have/had an ex with a small penis. "Incessant lame crowing" is a pretty great description hahaha.
Thank you so much for validating the observation of how people retreat into unhealthy family dynamics of fear. It is so frustrating.
Definite power play.  Good for you.  Don't text him.  Unless maybe to break up, because that shit is unacceptable.
I'm sorry... I hope things feel better soon.
Yeah when I get the "turn the other cheek" argument, I use the fact that all it really does is make you a doormat and the sad fact of life is that oftentimes respect has to be enforced. Sometimes it is ONLY earned through enforcement.  Like would everyone obey the laws if there were no police? You teach people how to treat you.
You seem like a good husband! And your wife sounds like she's very strong person, esp in light of overcoming everything.
Thank you for saying everything you did out loud here OP. It's so true.  Too many people want to avert their eyes because it's uncomfortable for them to deal with it even want to admit, so they blame the person standing up for themselves.  It's wrong, along with the fact that too often people don't hold other people accountable if they're friends or it's not happening to them.  I applaud your integrity.
It's good she has you, and it's a nice narrative to help bring a sense of closure. Frankly in short what I'm saying is that she might have dodged a bullet and a bunch of other potential issues instead. Like, what if he favored the other children blatantly over her?  Or was a half hearted presence? It is better to not have that contact than to develop a greater host of issues.  I understand where your wife is coming from however.
Oh for sure. I know someone who only contacted her bio mother for health history reasons; other than that, she was perfectly content with her adoptive family. It does seem to not be the norm though and for the situation I described to be far more common, whether the children are adopted or not.
I get the logic, truly. It's just that I've seen so many people blind and clinging into to toxic family dynamics and traits because their brain can't objectively deal with the fact they might be directly descended from an asshole.
This is a grass is greener on the other side scenario.
It's sad how we as humans have such an ingrained desire to be loved by our bio parents even if their not in our lives at all.  Honestly gives people too much power to fuck us up more than they should have. Also contributes to unhealthy idealuzation and toxic family patterns.
Yeah, Murakami really has a thing for ears.
Generally it's polite that if you're the one canceling, that you make the effort to reschedule the event you canceled. If not you're kind of sending the message that you're not that interested in the event happening.
That is so fucked up. The inlaws and Lily. Not you guys.
Yeah that's the logic and maturity of an asshole.
pp
It may not be that the partner isn't willing to support. It would be hard for anyone to support someone if they were to obsessively only think and talk about this while derailing their lives by not working (financial strain is hard), and being the ONLY support system.  Partners are there to support but they're also not therapists who are trained to deal with trauma.  Both parties deserve some compassion because trauma is difficult to navigate through.
I'm having a hard time explaining to one of my friends that no matter how much better off someone else might be,  you can't keep asking them to loan/give you money
Sounds like you're describing a person assistant.  Doesn't seem like a bad problem. I know someone whose boss just has to text her and she's the one scrambling to get the right people on the phone,  for the restaurant reservation and specific table,  for the plane tickets,  dealing with Healthcare, buying groceries,  driving all over town... basically you have someone doing your grunt work.
Huh I understand that feeling. Am not rich,  but if I died, there are def people I don't want my stuff going to.
If you don't mind me asking, what were those 4 years like?  Has it affected how your feeling and how you see her permanently at all?
If you don't mind me asking,  what mindset did you have going in when you started reading the book?  Like where were you in terms of self awareness? 

I feel like the abusers in my life wouldn't even be able to grasp that the behaviors describe them to a tee, they'd just blame it on something I did or find a way to make it about me.
Not entering,  just saying it's really cool you're doing this! Props to you,  generous human!
Aw I love that story and that photo.  You two seem so happy and content
I know someone who had a third kid by accident despite having an IUD. Forget exactly what happened but that kid was not intended for
Yeah.  You can't rely on someone like that who is so selfish and self absorbed that they throw a temper tantrum, literally endanger your life,  and only offer to help if you pay them in pounds of flesh.  Fuck that,  fuck him,  good for you.  I admire your strength.
Oh! Hitachi wand, I highly recommend
I understand what you're saying.  I just don't think that's a good enough reason.  There are other games and means to keep in touch with people you encounter through games.  And yes,  I used to play MMORPGs so I get the lonely factor and the appeal.
.... therapy for life? Mental Healthcare is expensive so I can roll with that!
As a huge totoro fan,  I am in love with your work! Lucky son!
OP'S friend has been reprimanded before though,  and even in that case threw her relationship around with OP too. It doesn't seem surprising.
It can be pretty hard and quite expensive to go cruelty or carbon free, for your everyday necessities. 
Ultimately,  games are not a necessity. I do agree we should be careful of judging, but as a general rule.  If anything we need to at least be judging when it comes the treatment of other humans and a person's response to it.  Cruelty and discrimination to a person due to their face is wrong, as well as for their gender identity or sex. People literally being treated as objects and securely harassed is wrong.  And people who stand by, say and do nothing, side with the abuser because they're essentially saying they don't see anything wrong. We should be encouraging people to care and make change where they can,  not putting them down for it.
Lol how is giving a monthly subscription to WoW different? Talk about heavy denial...
That's disturbing.  I had an ex who would say and believe things like that.  Which is why he's an ex now.  Your bf having that view is a good indicator of his values; he sounds rather entitled and tit for tat, which is unhealthy for a partnership.
Honestly family loyalty may mean that OPS husband may not ever do anything or really care. Ultimately OPS husband is siding with an abuser, enabling and supporting toxic behavior. Enablers lie to themselves to justify their own weakness.
Please don't be rude to pap smears,  those serve an important function towards women's health!
I had a weird reaction to getting a compliment from an acquaintances bf that to this day I still don't understand,  as I have no romantic interest in him and just see him as a super nice guy (he's the kind that builds people up) .  I'm pretty sure it's because I never received compliments from anyone other than my SOs. I tucked my hair back after receiving a compliment and to this day I cringe because WHY?!
Ice cream.
What made him finally change his mind at the end of 3 months?
As someone who knows people who are genuinely celiac, what are your thoughts on people who do it as an optional diet instead?
Seriously though,  thank you for asking.  The world needs more curiosity in it.
Basically when Blizzard blocked one of their top esports players for supporting HK, and when they made an anti HK, Pro China statement.  

Human rights and democracy,  nbd, amirite?/s
Sometimes people overlook a lot of things because personal investment or how that person makes them feel.
It was already upsetting seeing a lot of employees and people's responses to the Hong Kong incident.  My faith in humanity was so low,  I didn't think people were going to care with this lawsuit.  I'm glad people did.
Your post is lovely.  The thing that worries me though about her going to counseling with an emotional abuser is that they tend to manipulate the counselor and can do even more damage.  It's truly a hard situation.
It's frustrating when people idealized their friends without acknowledging the harm they are doing to others. Bias is real.
That's really sad. Has this affected your relationship with him?
His friends are good people to look out for your wellbeing like that.
Oh the biggest shitbags are often the ones best at hiding it.
This would be expecting too much of people. Sometimes people genuinely don't care, or they really just listen to the first version of the story they heard. Or nobody really knows and it's just a mishmosh of things where people throw their hands up and say who knows what happened, and by the time things get cleared up, so much time has passed they just think 'well it doesn't matter anymore'. People also create their own versions based on the perception they have on someone. Sadly all we can do sometimes is know the truth ourselves and surround ourselves with people who support us and do the right thing just because it is the right thing. :/
Oh it would definitely take a massive movement. And that's why every single person counts, because that's one little bit closer to getting the movement to be massive.
It's the power we have as consumers, and one of only ways we as consumers can hold them accountable and create consequences. You're correct in that there are other ways to create awareness as well,  however this way shouldn't be discounted either.
I'm so sorry your mutual friend was a horrible person like that.
That's not healthy behavior for a friend and it definitely would be in your (AND ultimately his) best interest not to enable it.
A young man journeys to consult a forbidden God in a faraway land on how to survive his loved one. On his loyal steed he seeks out and challenges gigantic creatures made from stone and magic.
Hi, may I please also have the link to the website with all the chapters for Drifting Dragon? \^\^;;; I came late to the thread! Thank you so much >\_\_<
I'm curious, what was your take on Hong Kong? What made this the thing that caused you to quit?  No judgment here,  just wondering what was it that led to the finality of your decision.
I'm sorry you're going through this. Nobody deserves to live on eggshells.
When you say biding his time,  do you mean you think he's only staying until the time or opportunity is right?
So true. Controlling people don't see themselves as controlling or the fact that they're really only thinking of themselves. They see it as 'you're wrong, I'm right'.
Unfortunately I was thinking,  man why are there so many shitty horrible people in the world and how do they keep on getting to to be that way.  I'm not that surprised the someone could be that horrible. People can be truly selfish and cruel.
Airbnb customer service has turned into absolute garbage and I say this from experience.  They could care less how your life is affected and they don't give a shit from over there in India. I literally had the person in charge of my case ignore me for hours while I scrambled to find another place to stay as the place I had planned for canceled THE NIGHT BEFORE and I couldn't stay longer where I was.  The only reason I got any help at all was because I called so many times I finally found someone who did give a shit,  hours later,  and got my case transferred to them. Fuck you Airbnb.

I'm sorry,  I totally get the breakdown thing and the hopelessness and the despair.  I really hope something is available in time for your party.  And again,  fuck airbnb, they're just assholes.
Speak kindly and nicely.  She may not realize things have been weighing on you. Conscious communication is a must.  "Hey (petname), I love that you're working hard at school.  I'm just starting to feel worn out from work and all the housework I do,  it would really help if we could divvy up the chores as it's starting to feel like too much." And take it from there.  She might fall back into old habits because this has been the way its been for so long, but just remind/prompt/appreciate it and over time she'll form new habits that will re establish and improve the work distribution.

Thinking your partner is a bad person with bad intentions is never a good way to go into a discussion.
Please don't...
Yes,  a lot of people love him. But there are also a lot of people who don't, and just because his books are good did what they are,  doesn't mean he'd be a good fit for continuing GRRM's legacy.
The creative process isn't always a simple straightforward one. He's mentioned how taking time to live and do other things helps his creative process,  and I can very much believe that. Would you rather he rush it  and probably create something that neither he or the fans would be happy with?   Even if he never finishes the book series,  we can still be grateful and happy that he created the world that he has for us to enjoy, and everything that has come from it. It's rather entitled, imo, to denounce his side projects as it's still his life and he had the right to make it as fulfilling as possible for himself. And there are lots of people who do enjoy those side projects.  A lot of people haven't created and contributed content like he has that is enjoyed on such a great scale yet they are so quick to cast stones saying they are owed more.
Game of Thrones and Cowboy Beboooop!
Oh that's refreshing to know. I first heard of O'Keefe with people saying she drew vulvas and vaginas or whatever. And to me I was like... oh, I just saw a flower.
Speak up for your partner.  Talk positively about her and her qualities; praise and extoll her virtues so others may see them.  And stand up for your wife and put down disrespect when necessary.
Aw, looking through all your photos,  truly heartwarming. Such a cute couple! Wishing you all the best
I have small breasts but I love wearing my bras. I feel so much more relief.
You'd be surprised at how conflict avoidant people can be, or how manipulative.
Yep. 

My husband and I really dislike his best friends wife.  I loathe her at this point because she treats me as less than a person, and because of how she's treated us and more or less prevents us from ever seeing him (not to mention tries to use us when convenient).  But it's not our place,  not when they got married and not now after they have two kids,  to say anything.
Lol reminds me of a girl in college who hated me for having the same last name and for wearing shorts. I had no idea (I didn't even know her at all) until a mutual friend told me. 

Turns out that girl also had major insecurities about being short and not skinny. I was tall and slender. 

Sometimes it's really just them,  not you.
That level of doneness looks gorgeous. 

Medium well is overcooked to be.  Medium rare ftw!
My concern is that the Buddha will lose.  There's a pattern where the author shows humans being strong and overpowering the gods in the beginning,  but the gods still win.
Y e s
LOVE THIS
I couldn't read the whole poll properly so I chose "I want to see results"
Oh my God... I dated one,  and over time I just kept feeling he was more and more of an ass. One big issue was that I told him I felt stigmatized by how he was treating me as I had been (mis)diagnosed at the time with bipolar disorder (multiple doctors afterwards questioned this diagnosis and I am doing much better now). He just brushed me off and told me "I'm just trying to make you better". It's laughable remembering the times he told me I was being "manic", just because I was happy.  Over time I realized this lack of empathy applied to everything and he only did things or cooperated because it appealed to him,  but did not care about what was best for me or my feelings at any time.
Hello! First off all,  thank you.  Thank you for not supporting an abuser just because it's easy or due to some fucked up loyalty. It means so so much. Too often the man's friends and family side with the abuser (enabling and strengthening it) ,  and cause the victim to think even more "is it just me?  What's wrong with me?" 

As everyone else said,  approach only the wife for now.  Let her know she can go to you guys and that you're both they're for her,  that you're safe and support her.  To better know how to support her,  reading Lundy Bancrofts book is a great resource because it has a section for friends and family on how to best support an abuse victim, and understanding what they're going through.  It will also give you greater understanding,  should you read the rest of the book,  on why being abused is so absolutely mind fucking. Some things to start off with; don't push or tell her to leave him. That will only make her feel more cornered and judged. She needs to decide that for herself, otherwise it's just more pressure. Validate her and her feelings,  and give your support,  time,  and care.
Good for you for not supporting family in their wrongdoing, and for supporting the people who genuinely need it and are victims of the wrongdoing.
Don't be a doormat. I've found that sometimes hard lines in the sand are still reasonable.
Yes, please tell us! Sounds amazing! I one day want to visit Italy, and now even more so than ever.
oh, I hope to go see your guys work one day! What a dream.
Tell and support the sister in law you love throughout this. Find a new job.  The rest of your family may choose to support your brother instead.  Don't accept shitty, toxic family members and dynamics.
Please understand, everything in about to say, is for your safety and mental well being. 
 Do not go to couples counseling. Do not recommend individual therapy for him; it usually makes them worse.  Get individual therapy for yourself. Please read Lundy Bancrofts books; they will help you through this confusing and difficult time,  in understanding what is happening to you. Hopefully these things will help you gain clarity and help empower you to do what is best for you and your child.
While therapy can be an amazing tool,  it has been unfortunately over-glorified (a couple reasons being there are so many bad therapists/matches, and can easily become a yes man situation). In regards to abuse; different kinds of therapies are built on specific foundations, and what's not commonly known is that couples therapy is based off the belief there is a mutual dynamic.  But abuse is NOT a mutual dynamic, and therefore it makes things worse on top of just outright failing, for abusive relationships.
God Of War 3 as an example of an intentionally designed world as well. That's a great example where you can tell it was intentionally designed because each area is made to fit the storyline and has very specific details to guide the player where to go.
I hope they go into some magical echo chamber where they can't hurt other people.  That toxicity would destroy oceans haha

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

I had a "friend" once in school.  I started attending the same college.  I invited her to go to a workshop together.  People said hello and came up to talk to me. 

Afterwards she messaged me on AIM to say that nobody liked me and they were only talking to me to be polite,  and that I should quit bothering people. She did a lot of fucked up things before and after,  but it was when my roommate said "this person isn't your friend" after seeing the messages,  I realized it wasn't me who was the problem. 

She's very good at putting up a persona (she would brag to me all the time about how people adored her cutesy self... I'm not exaggerating) and she has lots of friends.  I don't.  But at least I'm not a mean manipulative asshole.
Another thing to take into regard though is the fact that it sounds like the wife's family treats OP well. So it's not a drag or a pain in the ass for him to be around her family. In fact it sounds like he appreciates them a lot. For the wife, it's probably like getting teeth pulled bring around his family because of the mutual dislike.
Thank you.  Perhaps you should consider focusing on gratitude, as well as look at things from your wife's point of view.  Really understanding, and being supporting,  can go a long way. Your resentment creates the blaming negative thoughts (she's controlling etc) due to (for lack of better words) feelings of entitlement. It skews things and will poison your marriage if you let it.  Don't let it do that.
If you're family doesn't like your wife much and are only cordial towards her, she can feel that. Nobody likes being surrounded by people who they feel at best tolerate them with the most basic level of politeness (and I'm only guessing that this is the situation, realistically it's probably worse and runs deeper than this). It really sucks. It's not very realistic of you to expect her to try build a relationship with people that don't return the effort or aren't willing to put that effort in themselves (and please try to avoid idealizing your family in this situation). Your wife is setting healthy boundaries for herself. You wanting to force a relationship without in regards to her feelings is selfish. You might be able to create a compromise, like maybe you see them together for certain holidays or visit x amount of times in so many months. You yourself say that your wife gets along with a lot of other people and is a great partner; she should be your priority. You are responsible for talking and maintaining relationships with your own family in a way that doesn't damage or harm your marriage, and that's not something you can put on your wife.
I had a friend who reported people everyday for a looong time (she plays daily, and is a very good player). She said it was extremely satisfying to see one or two notifications on her lunch breaks saying action had been taken against the asshole/creep players she'd encounter
OH MY GOSH WHAT A BEAUTIFUL BOY
Wow, that's just astoundingly rude and inconsiderate. My dog is leash reactive and as a result I try to keep him away from other dogs unless they've received full disclosure and are okay with him being near. Respect for each other is what keeps everyone safe. I almost cried from gratitude when an apartment building neighbor actually offered to help train my dog to become less leash reactive with their pitbull.
Love is not enough.  Values need to be compatible. And a guy who doesn't try to solve problems but create more in a fight is not someone who is thinking of you guys as a team.
it's like N'Sync says... BYE BYE BYE

He's not over her, even with you around, and it's not going to work out with the way things are. Maybe one day in the future after you two have had time and space apart, however, right now he doesn't and can't fully appreciate you while he's hung up on someone else. I say this as someone who has been in both your and his situation, that it is definitely healthier for you to move on.
I never got the sense of judgment. Seems more factual in describing their lifestyle differences. I'm sorry that happened to you,  u/extra_username.
Look up the 5 Love Languages and figure out which ones apply to your girlfriend! That might be a helpful way to start, and to get ideas. The other thing is that being romantic takes effort, so please don't beat yourself up over not being naturally good at it all the time. Just start putting in the effort, that alone counts for a lot.
The more she gives in to her irritation and rage, the more she'll get used to handling things that way and it just goes downhill from there unless she seeks help or proactively tries to change that. You guys will want to deal with it before it progresses further and becomes more ingrained.

There are therapists who do sliding scale.
Thank you for being an advocate of the right thing, versus the "I don't want to deal with anything unpleasant even if it's the truth" thing
It makes me so mad how people who catch it and get off with light symptoms dismiss the severity of what's happening and this disease,  rather than realizing just how bloody lucky they were.
Wow uh... was that person ever your friend? I can't imagine saying that to anyone I respect on a baseline level of human. There are people I hate and I wouldn't say that to them.
Hmm kept saying we were friends but would badmouth me to other people.  When I got into her dream school because the vice president of admissions vouched for me,  she wasn't happy for me,  just sullenly remarked I got lucky and my department is easy to get into. Proceeded to neg me online through chat and tell me other people didn't like me at school,  that they were annoyed when I said hi to them (which is weird,  because those people said hi to me first by coming over to greet me...). My SO at the time and now good friend told me that she clearly wasn't a friend and to not talk to her. 

Same person proceeded to call me crying and apologize years later only to pull similarly disrespectful shit. Called her out on it when I finally got upset,  she denied it and got mad and proceeded to block me on everything.  I feel better and don't care,  she still gets hung up and does her best to badmouth me our mutual friend (it doesn't work).
But the chain shows that it existed! And thus you are not an idiot but a champion of communication!
Omg hahaha! Thanks for explaining.  I should edit and fix that,  thanks. Whenever i late night cell phone reddit there's always some kind of goofy error I make
Hmm?  How is this self hatred? Sorry,  I don't quite understand.  His wife has made it pretty clear she wants nothing to do with me,  and it got to the point where me continuing to try was just becoming toxic.  So we are both happier not seeing each other at this point,  though I am sad for my husband. Sometimes people don't vibe, and that's just life.
I feel bad because this is like what happened to my husband.  His best friend's wife hates me and shows it in all the passive aggressive,  micro aggression ways possible while trying to look good on front of others.  I still kept tring to set up things so our husbands could spend time,  but she would never follow through or return calls.  She only picked up calls if I started calling her husband. Needless to say, after four years of her shit I hate her at this point. They have made zero effort to see us and we see them 0-1 times a year. Her husband has started to treat me weird too, which is sad because he used to be a genuinely nice guy.
Respectfully, may I please ask how you differentiate between a boundary and an ultimatum? I've been doing my best to discern the difference in some situations and I would love to get insight in how to clearly know when stating a boundary versus an ultimatum.
If he found you beautiful, he would have said that to you. What he said was uncaring and cruel.  Why?  Because he doesn't care about how it makes you feel.
I love your haircut!
Your calico is very beautiful
cat spit face cream!
hahaha
Your husband needs to shut him down. It's disrespectful and rude. You tried it your husband's way and it didn't improve. At this point you've given Don enough chances and if you don't want to ever see him again, that's absolutely your right. It's messed up that your husband allowed Don to go on as long as he has.
Good for you for standing up for your wife. More men could follow your example instead of pardoning their families for being disrespectful jerks just because they are family.

You haven't gone too far.
If he's bad in couples counseling because he's abusive,  individual will only make it worse as well.
Oh. I admire your husband for being able to recognize his family might not be good people.
Thank you.

Being family doesn't give you a free pass to be toxic, abusive, or enable abuse (which falls under being toxic).
I love himz he is bootifuls
One of the problems is that society now thinks therapy is a cure-all. While it is a powerful tool, its success is still depending on various things. And individual therapy does not work with abusers, it usually just makes them worse. The last thing you should be doing is asking her to go to couple's therapy or individual therapy. She needs a batterer's program.   


I recommend you read Lundy Bancroft's book "Why Does He Do That" (it applies to both men and women), call the Domestic Violence  Hotline for resources, and seek proper individual therapy for yourself; it may help inform and bolster you to gain the strength you need to leave.

  
Feel free to DM or anything if you just need to talk.
He's a great example. I've only ever read people saying nice things about him and how he's really sweet.
I dig it!
I'm just guessing at why maybe the actor didn't want to be credited. Because it's not like he knew that was how Vader would turn out to be in the final film. Completely hypothetical guesswork on my part. Or maybe it was to keep Vader more mysterious! Who knows.
Thank you for loving that caring and fighting for that beautiful pupper the way you do. I hope he fully recovers soon <3 He looks like he's getting his pep back!
Yes, but he probably didn't know that it would be a loved villain versus... like... the hatred Jar Jar Binks received (not for being evil but annoying, still though). There are many people who play unlikable characters and get harassed for it.
Very cute proportions! I love the face and it's little fuzz mane. Bravo!
What you can do is offer your support so she knows that it's there, and no judgment. Offer her a safe place. Acknowledge that it's her business and you're a stranger, but that if she ever needs anything or even just a friend to listen that you can be that person. Do this in a friendly and kind way, not a 'you gotta get out of there and I'm going to help you' way. And won't have romantic expectations or motives. Then give her space at those events, wave, smile, act normal. She will probably not accept immediately, and possibly might not ever take you up on it. But one day she will probably appreciate it, even if she doesn't talk to you again.
You have good family. My Aunt would demand a good chunk of the money. Haha
While what you're saying might be true,  I've been in the position and seen others where the woman in question was in a long term relationship (even married) but would act inappropriately,  much to the denial of the person's and my SO. While when being described from an outside view,  it would be more plain to see.  I do believe in male and female friendships but that kind of situation is more common than you would think because people get weird and proprietary. Although it's possible the girlfriend could be reading into things too much,  it still isn't outside the realm of possibility.
Actually,  people can be very blind to what they don't want to see.  The way he speaks reminds me of people who, when given concrete examples, would just brush them off and say it's not a big deal or not what they're thinking. People don't want to believe when it's inconvenient to them. True,  they're nineteen, but we don't know enough about the situation.
Hi.  You sound like me from younger years.  

We pick the partners we think we deserve.  You clearly don't think you deserve him,  and find it more easy to believe his friends and family. But the truth is that you chose him and he chose you.  It would be better to take confidence and faith in the fact that he chose to defend you from his family and friends,  and didn't allow them to disrespect you. Value yourself more or a lot of people in life will find a way to make you think you're below them,  when you're not.
This is great advice.  My main worry is that someone who has gone deep into irrational behavior may not be able to get out of it by regular means. But I hope for OP and his family's sake that his wife can he gently persuaded to reach understanding.
Yup. I have a BA and honestly I can't hack the food industry I'm just not suited to it at all. But I can say I'm much better at my own job,  even though it pays way more than fast food min wage. So much respect to food industry workers.
Honestly he may have good intentions in his mind,  and really think it's not going to be a problem.  But what people say and what they actually do is different. A lot of people don't understand themselves well enough to realize the full weight of what they're saying. 

Even if he's not controlling or abusive its entirely possible he may lose respect over time and even resent you.  He may not view you as much as an equal because it's his money at the end of the day and you're not his wife.  He has the power to take everything away. You might also start feeling like you can't say no because if you do,  it'll affect his goodwill towards you. 

Don't give up the power of your independence and ability to maintain your own life.
You love the way she treats you, but you don't love her.  Let her go instead of keeping her around for your own comfort. She deserves someone who wants her for who she is.
Honestly families don't hold each other accountable enough for the sake of "family". Which is bullshit.  

Do what is best for you. Its hard facing pressure from other members but that's what it is; pressure. It's more about them than you.  They're not entitled to tell you what to do. Either decision you make is understandable.
Omg he's a cutie
Husband and wife,  definitely.  Outside of that,  you'd have to know yourself well enough to know if you are able to do that.  Same goes for the other person. It may be possible but it's not a given.
Trying to support someone who is in an abusive relationship of any kind is tricky because abuse is such a complicated mind fuck for that person. Please read Lundy Bancrofts book "Why Does He Do That", there is a section on how to support someone in an abusive relationship.  One of the most pivotal things is not to push for her to make a decision but continue to validate her when she's confused about how she's being treated. Pushing or or telling her to leave is similar to what the abuser does,  which is make decisions for her (I know that is totally not what you're doing and that she should leave, this is just the psychology of it). It may also make her feel more isolated and misunderstood.  Keep reminding her that she deserves to be treated and loved well,  that she deserves more than what she's getting and that it's not wrong of her to want those things,  and that how she's being treated is unacceptable. Offer her a safe place to go if she needs to leave.
Just wanted to say to please be compassionate towards yourself when looking at your past and the decisions you made. It's entirely possible that regardless of how long you spent dating that the outcome could have been the same, because abusers are notorious for hiding their nature until the relationship reaches a certain level of commitment. Or maybe it would have taken you longer to realize he's abusive because he was not as abusive,  for so long.

It's so incredibly awesome and strong of you to have gone on that journey and survived.  ❤
Don't help him. 

A part of you cares about him because you loved him and are a good person. But don't allow yourself to be taken advantage of and made a fool by this horrible,  horrible man.
Keep going! As someone who does art for their living, one of the most important things I've learned is to keep going. And I love your Mable!
>Handy Maide

The artist sells through her own website now apparently. On her FAQ it says her things sell out in minutes.
Wowww it looks wonderful. Which recipe did you use? Also, what was your trick to not getting a soggy bottom? Beautiful job!
Perhaps thinking of it this way may help your resolve.  Do you want your daughter to end up with a man like him?  Do you want her to grow up stressed,  and thinking that being treated terribly is acceptable? Are you okay with the possibility of her acting and turning out like her father because she thinks what he does is normal (I have seen a whole brood of children in their adulthood from a divorced couple manifest horrible behaviors because they never had a good role model. If that can happen,  imagine what could happen if she lives with him everyday). If you are having a hard time doing it for yourself, do it for your daughter.  And know that you can find a better man out there one day when the time comes.
The fact that he treats only his brother like this and no one else signifies that what OP's husband is doing falls under the definition of abuse and is very typical of abusers. That's why abusers get enabled and given passes so much; other people don't have it happen to them so they think the victim is at fault, or there must be good reason. When in truth abuse is unacceptable by matter the reason. It is unacceptable and shows how OP's husvand believes that abuse is justifiable if he feels a certain way (like towards his brother). That attitude only gets worse if not dealt with. He has a power dynamic over his brother right now that he is misusing. He will have a power dynamic over his children. The potential for him to abuse EXISTS, which is a problem.

Abuse is abuse. u/Cursethewind has the right idea, and frankly,  has the attitude of someone who truly understands what abuse is and how it works.
Sooooooo cute!
"Sharing a House with the Never-Ending Man: 15 Years at Studio Ghibli"

Enjoy!
Your description of Alfie is very apt. The other thing about Alfie is that it is too disadvantageous to -not- make a deal with him. That is Alfie's strength.

I was reading a book on a man who worked with Miyazaki (excellent, highly recommend). In it, he describes Japanese business culture. In that the Japanese think it is more important to know what it is the other party really wants, rather than believing the words they stick in a contract. Seems to also apply to Alfie.
So true.  Rather than becoming adults who think it's okay to continually pressure people to get what they want.
It automatically proves that he CAN get someone better for him.
Honestly it seems anything with a bad ending is pretty much ruined.  Great story + bad ending leaves people much more dissatisfied than with middling story + awesome ending iswhat I've generally noticed.

While the TV series decided to do the books ending (or something like that,  they say) ,  Game of Thrones didn't lead up or prepare viewers for it properly.  Result? Bad ending,  and what was once a pop culture phenomenon has been completely wiped out.
I'm not a psychologist so this is all conjecture. I would guess it's that, and wanting to be loved. The parent child bond is generally such a strong one that I think it's hard for a child to realize that their parent may not actually love them the way they want them to, and it's hard to let go.
Actually,  children of abusive parents might have a harder time letting go even more so than the regular child parent bond.  Children cling onto inconsistent parents more due to trauma bonding.  It's horrible but true.
They're not asking OP to take it.  They're asking OP understand that his wife doesn't like her previous partners more, what she's describing in her posts about them is literally a trauma response.  And the way she's handling things excessively is a result of that trauma,  not a reflection of how she feels about him.
Hi. I know losing weight is super difficult.  Lei me know if you would like me to share any resources or tips I picked up through DM.  Just take small, sustainable baby steps and work up your way to making overall big change. It is so much harder if you are putting a huge lifestyle change immediately on yourself and mentally stressing yourself out. I'm not in your exact situation but I struggled after weight gain from medication a doctor prescribed me and can tell you what helped me.
Lol, so the bf should let BiL puff up like a rooster and get in his face and possibly punch HIM instead, just so his kids can instead see how being an asshole is OK?

No, better the kids see that being aggressive is not the way to handle a confrontation.
Hahaha, ahhh, maybe it's really just dependent on the cat. I had a feral I rasied to be my own cat and she kept her collar on despite being outdoors most of the time.
Yeah, I've found the only way to get them to keep a breakaway collar on is to start them pretty young :/
I don't know about other people but I would say no... not if it is to that amount.  Doesn't sound like a good foundation for being with someone for the rest of your life. It sounds like you don't respect him very much and that's going to eat at the relationship.  Both of you deserve to be with people you're crazy about and who are crazy about you.
Wish I had better news for you... but material generosity doesn't necessarily mean that someone loves you, or that they aren't narcissistic/self-absorbed/entitled. You can totally be both, which is what it sounds your bf basically is. He's the selfish one for not prioritizing what your niece wants for her dinner. He's the thoughtless one, for not seeing the gesture and effort behind his niece's gift.  He's grown more relaxed and comfortable in your relationship, which in his case means taking you for granted that you'll put up with such bratty behavior.  


This behavior doesn't improve without serious correction and consequences. You can't talk someone out of being like this 99% of the time. You're probably going to have to sit down and talk about this and see where that goes, and from there, where YOU will go and what YOU should do.
u/majere616 THANK YOU, yes.
Yep I agree with you\~ I was just saying that I wasn't just speaking as a dog owner and someone who loves dogs. And me saying he doesn't want to give the dog a chance still stands. People are capable of change by opening their minds. If he wants to live in fear of dogs and be unaccepting of a culture where dogs ARE household pets, that's still his choice. But it's OP's choice and right to live the way she wants, in her house.
Agreed. And OP's pet sounds well behaved, so there's literally no reason to shut him up somewhere.
The dog isn't going to calm down if he's locked down in a crate though. He'll probably be excited for 30 minutes when he comes out of the crate. OP's dog sounds well behaved. If her sister's husband isn't willing to give the dog a chance, that's not OP's problem and it's her sister's choice whether she wants to come.  


When I wrote my opinion it wasn't just as a dog owner. It was also as a person who found the hard way that just because someone is family, doesn't mean they won't take advantage of you, be selfish or shitty. Sometimes you have to set boundaries and they need to respect it unless you want them to keep trampling over it.
I don't think her crating her dog to accommodate her sister makes her the bigger person, and frankly that logic gets abused way too much. People often say "be the bigger person" to someone because they don't want to deal with the trouble of the boundary breaker and because they think they can push that person over.
Stella is so cute! Love!!!
She wouldn't compromise for you. It's your house,  and your dog. Why should you compromise for her?  The way she treats that dog isn't right and honestly it should go to a better home than to be banished to an attic. And she claims to love that dog.  She's made it obvious what her priorities are. As an outsider looking in,  that's my view.  Your dog doesn't deserve to be shut away and he's got a lot less time on earth than your sister does. And the more you give in over time,  the more your sister will expect it. 

I know you're asking for a compromise but honestly I can't think of one and I doubt she would accept one. I also don't think you should give one to her,  but that's just me.
With duck fat that's all the seasoning you need
Hi, speaking as a woman here...

It's entirely possible that it's her association with those sex acts with that ex that make her not want to do those things now. Maybe she's ashamed of having done those things or because she doesn't want to remember those things with that person. Or maybe she doesn't want to be the person she used to be when she was with that ex. Maybe she didn't want to make videos because that shady ex of hers pushed her to do it in the first place, and look at what he's doing with them now? It's so uncomfortable just KNOWING videos of you doing a sexual and intimate act with someone is out there.

I've done things a decade ago that I don't want to do now no matter how much I love or desire someone. I can assure you it is ENTIRELY, and VERY possible it has nothing to do with how much she cares or desires you.
That... That is a beautiful friendship
Oh. I'm sorry. That's a pretty straightforward reason.
If you don't mind me asking,  what led to you guys splitting after so long together?
You'd be surprised at how cold and how much people don't care once it starts inconveniencing them or it gets hard.
Don't put up with that bullshit. I understand the yearning to bond with an immediate family member,  the sense of loyalty but let me tell you from experience that they can be as toxic and unhealthy as anyone else.  Toxic is toxic; being family doesn't grant you special treatment (if anything,  it's all the more reason to cut them out). Speaking from experience,  don't waste your time with him.
Lol reminds me how my friend ordered a super sick sports car. Her bf was with her when the delivery guy came, and he kept trying to talk to the boyfriend and get him to sign. Her boyfriend had to say three times "I don't know man, it's HER car".
That might mean you just don't love yourself enough then. You are worth more than how this guy is treating you. And don't allow yourself to be poorly treated by people, because they'll keep doing it. By letting go, you'll open up space and time for better people and things. I know it's scary. But it can be better.
Lol, manipulative people don't see themselves as manipulative. They just know what they want and they do their utmost to get it by manipulating the people around them with words or emotions. But they don't THINK of themselves as manipulative, because then that would require they realize they're not very good people. And these kind of people just keep pushing boundaries and doing it because they get away with it and it works.
I wish i lived in Iowa so you'd have a place to keep warm and for your cat to be safe while waiting for your new home.  I'm so so happy for you! It's incredible,  how you stayed strong and persevered through it all.  You should be proud.  And fuck the people who make little of you for it; as people, they are nothing compared to you,  regardless of what material possessions they may own.
I'm not giving her a free pass. She admitted she was wrong and that she shoudln't have done that, no matter how stressed she was, and she apologized. That shows someone taking responsibility. We all make mistakes like that under strain.

You're correct that we only have one point of view. But we are here to address the information she has given us, based on how she has written it. The husband's behavior is not normal, and you seem to be giving HIM a free pass, when it is clearly abusive behavior. And abuse is not a mutual relationship dynamic. You are also correct, that our partner's feelings affect our own. However, his reaction by being intentionally cruel and demeaning for hours, is beyond the pale and is unacceptable. Strain, stress of being provider, all those things are things you talk about with your partner. Not things you punish and humiliate them for. Sure, maybe OP does that stuff in other situations, but that's making a huge assumption because people don't normally behave like that. Why? Because it's abusive, and wrong.

The fact you are so eager to defend this man's clearly atrocious behavior is very concerning.
Uh, but his reaction was way, wayyy overboard and he purposefully did things to hurt and sabotage her. Sure, he didn't plot it ahead of time but he did things on purpose to hurt her for HOURS. That is ridiculous. And knew it could have consequences for her future. He wouldn't even accept her apology. Furthermore, it sounds like she's under a huge amount of strain that would cause anyone to snap now and then. If internet strangers can understand that, so should her husband. I honestly think she is right to reconsider staying married because that kind of cruelty, if he's allowed to get away with it, will only continue because he knows he can.  


Having reactions is understandable, and can be worked out. Purposefully being mean and coercive to your wife, and LITERALLY HUMILIATING HER (what is with the phone recording shit?!) is flat out wrong. You're supposed to work together, not try to fuck each other over just because you can.
That's so wonderful. I wish I was young enough to get a zoom visit too! Thank you for being such a wonderful Santa even with social distancing, and for bringing happiness all over.
I don't think he's forcing her to have an abortion.  They tried to be safe,  it didn't work.  He wanted to try be excited and supportive of the pregnancy and came to realize he couldn't be, and he's not ready.  Its better he's aware of his limitations now than to figure it out the hard way,  rather than the kid to grow up with an inconsistent parent at best,  and at worst, an indifferent and resentful one.  He's respecting her choice to have the pregnancy while allowing her to know his limitations.  If she wants to pregnancy she can have it,  but he cannot handle being in a relationship with her and being put in a father role.

Him demanding she stay pregnant or him pressuring or coercing her to get an abortion would be him being controlling over her rights to her own body.  From OPs account it doesn't sound like that's the case. He told her how he really felt,  and what they want is deal-breaker level incompatible.
Make sure you have your ducks in a row by checking eviction laws in your state to make sure she can't pull anything over you. She's shown herself to not be trustworthy at this point.
I wouldn't bother unless your parents basically beg and apologize. And even then it would be a hard sell. 

Don't put yourself at risk for more trauma from them.
Well that's fucked up.  I'm in a similar position with my husband's best friend and his wife.  The husband used to at least defend me a little but now he's acting just like her. I don't know if it's salvageable for you or me because when people act with such a lack of respect there's not much you can do.
Don't keep enabling your mothers bad decisions.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Good for you OP, doing the right thing.
In no universe is her dad entitled to that kind of behavior.  Brynn and her family are completely within their rights.
Where's my dog
Honestly there are a lot of people who can just emotionally coast for a long time because things are good. Or why just aren't self aware until the chips are down,  so to speak.  And that's not your fault. Things can even be great in a relationship,  and someone will decide that it just isn't for them even though they think the other person is great. Sending lots of hugs to you; I know the pain is unbearable right now.
I know how that feels too. It's going to hurt so badly for awhile,  like everything is ripped out of you.  Just take one step at a time. Grieve. Feel the love of your support people. And know that you are enough and you did your best.
How did you do it?  That's amazing.
Lol, when someone tells you that you should be 'over something  by now', they're not actually sorry or remorseful for what they did. They still think they're right and just want the argument to be over with. It may be best to severely adjust your expectations of your dad. To be honest a lot of old men/dads I've met, they don't change and just stay horribly the same. At least your step-mom is someone you can communicate to and is willing to work things out with you.  Seriously, don't count on your dad.
Plus it's not fair if sex only has consequences for the woman. Sex has MUCH greater consequences for the woman.

Religion, as well as men, has no business or say being involved in the government or in the say of women's bodies.
The effects of pregnancy is not temporary though. His wife is going to have to deal with her body being torn up and stitched back together, stretched skin, having to lose excess baby weight. For someone with body dysmorphia, I can only imagine how much of a nightmare this is. And some of those things do not go away.
I see where you're coming from but I'm not sure that is the best system either.
I'm sorry to hear that charities misuse their funds so much. Do you know of a better alternative?
She's not being insecure and invasive. That's straight up inappropriate behavior for someone in a relationship.  And if it makes her uncomfortable,  he should respect and care about her enough to set boundaries.
I relate to this.
I use FIGO! Pretty easy and has already paid for itself.
I super recommend getting pet insurance. My pet insurance even has an app that lets me chat to a vet 24/7. Once my dog was having bloody poops and his anus looked raw (you can imagine my cellphone's picture gallery). Despite it being scary to see, the vets recommended waiting it out, said what to look out for, and said he probably ingested something upsetting his stomach. I did and saved myself a vet bill!
He's exhibiting abusive behavior. She should under no circumstances go to couples therapy with him,  and anger management won't help him because he needs very specialized help to become non abusive.
Gordon Ramsay is really nice to people who are trying to learn or better themselves, and understand that they made a mistake. He gets upset when people deny accountability and repeat the mistake especially at the expense of others. Chef culture is generally abrasive from what I can tell (so take that with a grain of salt). He also comes off as a very responsible parent since he doesn't want his kids to become spoiled from his success. They don't eat at his restaurants unless they're doing charity work, and he intends on giving the majority of his wealth to charity upon death.
This is so perfectly worded, I'm saving this.
Its insane to me how some people grow up abused, know they were abused, and then see it happening to other people and go "well that's my dad! We forgave him so should you" Etc etc... and I'm someone who came from an abusive home.
Hi! I have a friend with genital herpes, and I'd like to know what is a good way to be supportive to her. Like I want to send her this AMA  but I'm also worried that maybe that's not a good idea for whatever reason (like if it would embarrass her or something). I guess I just want to know if there is any general advice you'd give on how to be a good and supportive friend.
That is some nice glossy chocolate!
With this kind of situation you should respect Jake's feelings.  Anna is feeling guilty and bad, and wants to feel better by apologizing.  But sometimes you reap what you sow. Jake is not obligated whatsoever to help her with this feelings, and for all you know bringing them together is just another way you're catering to the golden child.

Respect Jake's boundaries that he has chosen to set with his family for his happiness and peace of mind.
Some people are very particular about not having their things touched or used without permission.  It can feel very invasive and disrespectful, especially if it's an expensive item (Louboutin shoes are no joke). People are allowed to choose how they want to share their things. I myself am not like OPs wife but I too would feel uneasy if someone took such a personal and expensive item without asking. 

OP, it's good you backed your wife up especially in front of your family. It's important to back up your spouse.  However, perhaps behind the scenes,  you can speak to your wife to try get her to see things in a gentler and more forgiving perspective, and speak to your sister gently as well to lessen the blow, and so that there are not hard feelings.
That's amazing and wonderful. If only all marriages could be like that.
To your 1st question: it is easy for people to get caught up in a relationship and stop doing the things that defined their individuality, or being their own person. You are what you do and think.  It's okay to change as you want to continue to grow,  you don't want to stagnate. 

2nd question: be a desirable and valuable partner can mean many things.  For instance being financially stable is one, or staying in shape. Being emotionally stable and supportive.  What people - need- in a relationship can vary, but there are things that certainly help. 

Third: Your significant other is the person you yoke yourself to in this world (words from a wise redditor I once read). They are now your top priority because they're the person you should now be most accountable to,  and also love and take care of, as they should do the same for you. Your allegiance belongs to them first.  Marriage is wonderful but also delicate in certain ways that need to be protected. If your family or friends is disrespecting your partner,  you need to stand up for your partner for instance. Grandparents can be important but your SO comes first and utmost, always.
I love Nugget
Don't listen or take into account the words of anyone who frequents mgtow or incel subs. Their beliefs are very misogynistic.
What happened after you found out he was being serious?
That's a good point, you are right.
The point I was addressing is how abusers use the "breaking point" excuse to pardon their bad behavior. It's more of an orange flag than a yellow flag.  If he takes full accountability, is remorseful, and doesn't repeat it again then great,  he's not an abuser, but it's still an instance of abuse. He is already minimizing what he did. It is abuse because he had enough control to hide what he knew was unacceptable behavior from his mom,  unplug the lamp to directly smash it next to her.
It was right next to her when he smashed it.  That is too much control and directed aggression. Abuse can start at any time in a relationship and needs to be shut down immediately for what it is.  If it doesn't repeat and he is genuinely sorry,  then he is not an abuser. But it will still be an instance of abuse.
Even so,  that's still unacceptable behavior. Even if she didn't escalate to physical violence.  Did she degrade you in arguments? Blame you for everything? Or could she take accountability for herself? 

It's still abuse,  even if things don't escalate to direct physical violence.
The thing is though that abusers usually seem fine or at least within acceptable limits of behavior for a very long time.   Then something happens,  and the person thinks it's a one time thing. Then it gets worse the next time it happens. And it starts happening again and again. The fact that he waited till his mother wasn't around to do that means he had enough control and CHOSE TO SCARE HER IN PRIVATE because he KNOWS THAT BEHAVIOR IS UNACCEPTABLE. That is a sign of an abuser.
Yeah but the issue is that if an excuse abusers use all the time.  They blame their partner for pushing them past their breaking point,  that anybody would flip their shit. But the thing is,  abuse is not anger management issues. It's an active choice to do unacceptable things the abuser makes to scare and silence his partner into compliance.

There is no excuse,  ever,  to behave like that.
Congratulations!! What a victory!! Good for you <3 And thank you for giving encouragement to others.
Him wanting you to be financially dependent on him is strange and sounds rather egotistical. It's also probably not healthy for you or the relationship in the long run.  He should respect your wish to work and support you.
Really cool! I'm going to wishlist it! Now to remember my steam account information....
I would marry someone I adore. I can also admire someone I adore.

There is someone I admire. But I've never had romantic feelings towards him, and can't even really imagine it (I don't even see it as a possibility). So for me the two can be very very distinct.
The family and friends of an abuser will turn on a victim quickly because they don't want to believe one of their own is doing bad things, or that they might even be part of that dysfunction.  It's easier to blame you than to confront him and possibly have to look at themselves, and risk their own relationship with your husband. They're also probably not very good people.

Please read "Why Does He Do That" by Lundy Bancroft and you will see that you are not alone in the case of having everyone turn on you, or what I imagine, a lot of things in  your situation.
I was a TA for my mentor,  a very famous and successful illustrator (just awesome guy all around). I was his first and only TA for a long time but as his classes gained in popularity,  so did the TA requests. 
N was a girl I had befriended,  and she mentioned wanting to TA for my mentor. Normally my spot is reserved, and I wanted to help so I took her to be introduced to my mentor.

N is an attractive girl and she knows it.  She uses it to get advantage whenever possible (to get guys to give her a discount,  shit like that... she wasn't very good at what our education specialized in either).

Anyway we go,  and my mentor breaks the news to me that he has to open up my spot because he has gotten so many requests. I was distraught and he spent a good deal of effort (which I was not entitled to but an grateful for) reassuring me he still wanted me to be his TA and to make sure I got the paperwork to him first thing when the next semester started, because then he could give me my TA spot. That he's taking the first people who apply so to make sure I get to him first. 

N hears this and immediately slams down the paperwork she has with her,  saying "here's mine!!" And proceeds to bat her eyelashes at my mentor while standing proudly. My mentor looks at her directly in the face,  and says " I said I am accepting them first then the NEXT semester" and pushes the paperwork back at her. 

My mentor later mentioned being irritated at how N tried to pull batting eyelashes and "that crap" on him,  complaining. Haha. 

(Needless to say,  when I tried to talk to her about it,  I got the classic non apology of "I'm sorry you feel that way" and "I didn't know you wanted your job (lie)", but not even looking me in the face as she says it. Our friendship died that day, as I realized the degree she was willing to throw others under the bus for her benefit.
Hi.  May I please DM you?  I would really love to hear more about your journey, I'm looking to find insight and perspective on my own.

Also,  excellently worded post. I saved it for future reference.
Oh this one hurts.
THE LITTLE MERMAID

Obsessing and chasing over a man and giving up your entire way of life and your friends and family for a dude because of his statue, is not a good idea.  Making a deal with what is essentially the devil,  also not a good idea. Oh man. King Titan just becomes more relatable... poor Dad...
This isn't a book OP should touch even if he does enter a new relationship, unless he has been absolutely free of abusive behaviors for -years-. That is how much of a different beast abuse is. Abusers are known to take psychology and use it as a weapon to defend and hide their abuse, and to control their partner. I'm not pulling this out of my ass, if you would like to research this yourself I can DM you a great resource to read.  


I honestly dislike commenting on posts but am compelled to particularly when I see posts on abuse. Because people generally don't know how abuse is so dangerous, and how hard it is to eradicate (I too didn't until I did a lot of reading on it, and all I'm doing is passing on the information I've learned). Most general methods are designed for people with rational behavior. For instance, anger management is designed for people who generally have trouble controlling their anger, meaning they let it loose on anyone and everyone, while abuse is an active and terrible choice the abusers make to hurt their victims as they don't do it to anyone else. But people often think abuse means or equates to anger management, and that's the danger because it doesn't. It requires a specialized approach, and even then, most abusers don't stop abusing. If OP were to read Attached, it could easily become a weapon or actually hinder his progress in trying to become non-abusive.
\^ This is a pretty good summary/example of why generic therapy does not help an abuser. One of the many reasons why is because abusers use their 'feelings' (when really it's their value system and thought processes) as an excuse to abuse their partner, and they not only have an inflated sense of their own feelings but they see their partners' feelings as lesser/not important. A generic therapist is typically not trained to deal with abusers, and generic therapy is meant to focus and give validation to the patient's feelings and is based on rational behavior. The last thing an abuser needs is to focus on his feelings more, that's the root of the problem; he needs to focus on his PARTNER's feelings. Abuse is not a mutual dynamic; abuse is not rational behavior. An abuser's warped thought process runs so deep, they will start to manipulate or use whatever psychology they learn to further dominate and control their partners while learning how to hide their own behavior.  


edit: This is also not a theory, this has been proven through a lot of study. If you would like, I can dm you a great resource to read if you need proof.
Understanding attachment theory isn't going to get rid of his abusiveness or even address it.  If anything,  the warped line of thought that creates the abuse in the first place will use it as a justification and an excuse. He needs very specific resources dedicated to dealing with abuse because it is such a different beast,  which people don't know thanks to the general myths about abusers. 

The book itself is an excellent one and great to recommend in many other situations.  Just not this one.
Please seek out therapy that is SPECIALIZED AND DESIGNATED for abuse, and not give up even when it gets hard and challenging, because the roots of what you have is very strong and toxic. Generic therapy will not help you and might actually make it worse. It's good you realize that you need to change, not just for her but change period. Accept that this could be a lifelong process.

One key thing is to really, really think about how you must have made the other women feel. Realize what your actions really are; TAKE ACCOUNTABILITY, don't minimize it, don't diminish what you have done or justify it to yourself over time. Realize how wrong it is to intentionally hurt and manipulate people. Stop having an inflated sense of importance about yourself and your feelings. Stop silencing women for your convenience.
You can unconditionally love someone and not enable bad behavior. That is more of a real love. You're a good person for recognizing the situation,  wanting to do something,  and (i hope) doing something.  Too many people in this world don't care about others or what people do to them because it's "not their problem".
They're not fixing or being responsible for other people's drama, they're giving people the truth so those people can make informed decisions on their lives and acting as a person of morality and character would. You can love someone and still not enable shitty behavior.

It's nice that's enough for you, but for a lot of people they would want to know the truth if they were in that situation, and feel betrayed if friends knew but didn't say anything and allowed them to be cheated and lied to. Nor is it about igniting conflict, it's about resolving a bad situation. How they choose to go about the conflict doesn't make it the messenger's fault.
It's fair to question her character and morality though.
No offense, but your wife doesn't have good morality or character in this area. It's not uncommon, because there are a lot of people who when things are convenient as they are (or frankly, they don't care about the victim) say it's 'not their place' to help. She doesn't want you to tell him because it's her best friend doing the cheating, but if it was her best friend getting cheated on, I would bet big bucks that she'd be all for telling.
Do not stay with him.  It will get worse, and even harder to get out when you have a kid.  The rages will increase in frequency and volatility. Remember; people don't do this to those they love.  He does not love you,  he actively disrespects you and sees you as less than a person. Do your best to get out now before you become more enmeshed or emotionally invested.  Your daughter,  your future second child deserves a good life, as do you,  free of fear.
It's interesting,  when i associate 'sense of family' I think of people who enable and defend unhealthy behaviors to 'support' their family because they're 'closest'. I'm really glad that 'sense of family' doesn't mean that standard.  I've always held it more as the meaning you mention in your post but lately I just encounter the enabling type in my association, which makes me think perhaps i have just encountered people of low moral caliber and character (despite their proclamations of being otherwise).
Congratulations!!!!!!
Congratulations! And good for you and your family,  and your family to be <3 I'm so glad you have their support.
Katniss is also very aware of herself in the sense that she knows what she can move past from and what she can't. She and Gale had been drifting apart for awhile at that point, because of their differing views towards the war. Him being the creator of the bomb device that killed Prim was the final straw; he himself knew that Katniss would never be able to look past it, and so did she.
I know a woman that won the jackpot. Met the nicest guy at 36, got married at 37, now has a child. If someone like that can have a happy family, surely someone good like you can too. Someone who has went through much hardship and has so much kindness left in them, you will surely find someone who can appreciate all that you are. The key is to have confidence, to enjoy and cherish yourself, to make your own life on its own whole and full even if you don't have a partner, and that will attract a healthy partner to you. Because you won't settle for less, and that's the most important thing. We tend to choose the partners we think we deserve.
Beautiful! Congratulations. Oh he's a gorgeous foal; I love how gangly they are at that age.
Its your boyfriend's problem. His people,  his problem.  It's actually good he wants to help and support you this way.  I know you might be uncomfortable with the conflict (it sounds like that,  to me)  but he's doing the right thing by you. It doesn't really come off as him victimizing himself at all based on what you wrote. You can need support without being a victim.
It may not be a permanent solution but a temporary one the gf wants to keep things safe for the rest of the children. They can negotiate and if it's a hard line for her and a hard line for him,  they can break up.

Killing a pet by throwing it down a flight of stairs and bring physically violent to the point of assault... it is extremely stressful living in fear around someone,  and living in fear that they will hurt the ones you're in charge of protecting. It is hard being so severely limited in what you can do or not do because you are afraid of someone.  The girlfriend may be reaching her limit for reasons unknown to us; perhaps OP. Has refused to set any boundaries whatsoever up till now and now things have just gone too far for the gf. Yes Nicole needs help,  but it might be important she go away for some time and get that help because it doesn't seem she can handle being around the family safely for now. 

I knew a family who had adopted a girl from infantry. The girl grew up and showed signs of being very disturbed.  The final straw came when she threatened the father with a knife,  and she was under ten years old.  At that point the family sent her away to a boarding school designed to help children like her.  They didn't give up, but they knew when it was too far beyond their abilities to help or handle. Perhaps they're is a compromise OP can find to keep his family safe and still have a relationship his daughter.
The girlfriend might be open to compromise and negotiation.  It's fair  and honest that she openly says what outcome she would feel best with, and they talk it out from there. It's important that people realize when their partner is making a sacrifice and that goes for both of them.  Relationships are a lot of negotiation.  I don't think she's necessarily demanding or trying to control him by what it sounds like,  it sounds like she's tried to make things work but it's legitimately afraid now. They can't even have a pet because his daughter threw a living creature down a flight of stairs, and she is physically violent. 

This is probably not the case but I've also seen relationships where the person doesn't say their ideal outcome and immediately offers something reasonable and a compromise. But the other party doesn't see that and continually demands more because they feel like if they say yes,  then that's their partner getting their way when in reality the partner is already trying to compromise and can't go any further.
Hey there,  just want to point out that while what you say is true,  it doesn't apply to abusive marriages (not saying OPs marriage is or isn't abusive).  Abuse lies solely on the shoulders of the abuser. It's the attitude of the victim being also at fault one of many things that trap and isolate abuse victims.

OP definitely isn't in a healthy state of mind  though.
Especially if they're family.
I worry about this.
The clever ones are manipulative and smart enough to get away with it.  That's what drives me nuts.
You're a bad guy if you do bad things and take advantage of another person's goodwill, or basically use them. L Yes, she is ultimately responsible for herself, however it doesn't make him any less of a bad guy.
If you can, please don't watch the movie. The main star spoke out against the people of Hong Kong having human rights and supported police brutality.  It is disgusting that Disney supported that, as well as filming in an area where Uighur are being kept in concentration camps.

Furthermore, I heard the movie is a piece of shit as well as having no songs, so it seems like it would also be a waste of time.
It does seem like he's stringing her along. Sometimes people do that unintentionally negative they don't think about how selfish they're really being.  Instead of saying i don't want a relationship with OP (which would end his supply of sex and companionship with her) ,  he making excuses and trying to make it so he he can do whatever he wants without boundaries and still get sex.
He's not mature enough to be in a relationship based on what you're saying in your post. At the very least,  he's not ready to be in a relationship with you.  It's not worth being with someone who you have to coax and drag along by their teeth,  or who doesn't have the ability and foresight to see how you have to work together and compromise on some basic level in a relationship. People can mature and grow in a relationship, it's just that where you'll be starting from with him is going to make for possibly one very rocky road.  It just sounds like he wants to keep absolute freedom more than he in a relationship with you.  You can explain it all you want but odds are that if you actually do get in a relationship with him,  he might use this as an excuse whenever you want to set healthy boundaries or i don't know,  be treated nicely?  I mean, he's already complaining about getting gifts.
The one thing I've noticed about most conspiracy- havers is the distinct lack of critical thinking.  I don't think conspiracy theories promote critical thinking about a promoted truth as much as it just serves some bias or ignorance. The strand of logic is weak if not nonexistent.
Oh, no worries, thank you for taking the time to respond. I really appreciate it! Thank you for this.
I haven't watched the movies in a long time so I'm not sure, but based off how they did the movies in general, it wouldn't be surprising if it had been cut off or minimized in such a way that it lost impact. The movies didn't nail the emotions or relationships of the characters well while also having a lot of unnecessary exposition.

You worded Katniss so well. Her individuality and her determination, directness, her loyalty are some of the traits that draw them, and us as the reader. I enjoyed the fact that she felt socially awkward and felt like she wasn't able to connect with the people like the way her sister could, and that those who got to know her could appreciate her. Her confusion over her feelings for Peeta and the back and forth between him and G are also very relatable, as human emotions are quite messy. I didn't just see it as Peeta making her feel safe, but her also realizing that Peeta is complementary to her, and can together make the life she ultimately wants as what determined her final choice. I'd like to think in a way she did realize she loved him more than Gale, though that would just be wishful thinking on my part.
Yep very true. I just remarked on Haymitch in particular because the person I was replying to thought that Haymitch deserved to be treated badly by Katniss. While they definitely sparked against each other at first, their relationship definitely evolved into that of mutual respect. He more than redeemed himself. We all have friends who have bad traits, but who we care for regardless because what they give us is so much more. Haymitch's 'bad traits' are also just self destructive in nature; he only hurts himself, not others.
Oh I totally get what you're saying! I'm the same, when I could go to the gym I was doing more strength training and it was great. I didn't think you looked fat or out of shape or that you weren't putting in efffort, just as a fellow person who misses going to the gym and its benefits, wanted to offer you the little things I found worked for me. I'm someone who also has a hard time standing up for myself sometimes, which is why I admire your ability to do so.
Hey there, do you have any dumbbells and a yoga mat? There are some great youtube videos that can help keep the weight at bay, and possibly even weight loss. I'm saying this because you mention wanting to work out. There is no good reason for your husband to ever call you a fat cunt, ever. Him being dismissive of your efforts is fucked up and he obviously was just trying to sledgehammer you with whatever hurt he could. I'm glad you have self esteem enough to require some major action from him to show he's remorseful. I'm sorry I don't have any magical answer or solution to your situation, but know that you are not wrong for being angry and he was wrong to treat you that way, even if you were passive aggressive.
If you don't mind me asking... how did you guys get past the shitty times you mentioned? Were those external things, or were there struggles you two had between yourselves? I've only been married for a couple years myself.
Haymitch was a very tragic character.
The imperfection of Katniss is one of the most memorable things of the book for me. The conversation that she overhears Peeta and Gale, where they're asking who they think she'll pick between the two of them, and they both conclude that it's whoever she needs more. The guilt she feels from the knowledge of the kind of person she is, and for their love. The book also pounds in the truth that when you're fighting to survive, you can only think of others so much. That you are strained, and stressed, trying to just exist.

Frankly Katniss is a much more real person than most YA protagonists. And probably more selfless than a lot of people in real life.
Please take the dog with you.
Sometimes people don't stop unless you make it clear how unacceptable their behavior is and back it up with consequences
Yeah I'm sorry you had to go through what you did with your in law and your own family. Your MiL is not on your side.  Be you she'd get involved in a heartbeat if it was her son saying these things.  Your husband's abuse is enabled by his family.
You guys look like such a sweet and happy couple.  You guys look great!! Hope you guys have your happiness for a life time <3
Congratulations!! Really admire those who can go the distance and work hard to keep the love and spark alive!
Hi... please try read Lundy Bancrofts books.  Daily wisdom,  and Why Does He Do That.  Reading them and knowing you're not alone and being able to see what he's doing might help you stand up for yourself a little better,  and Bancroft provides good advice. You can also call a domestic abuse counselor who might be able to provide you with good advice on how to keep him away.
Welcome!
Really? I live in LA and I thought we had the reputation of being pretty unfriendly (as in,  if someone asks how you're doing,  the gut reaction is "what do you want? " with some side eye)
Saving this post, thank you very much for this.
The snarling in your face,  throwing things.... it's going to get worse.  Your gut is right.  Big red flags.  Do not move in with him.
You can soften it and tell them the truth still. Saying something like "i feel so very lonely because dating as a trans person has been incredibly hard and disappointing so far,  and it's starting to wear me down." "I'm feeling really demoralized and I'm struggling because of it. I'm hesitant to tell you guys because I'm so happy for you both that I don't want you to feel bad about me being single,  because you're both such great people/meaningful friends to me, and I wish I too were in a great relationship like one the two of you have. "

In a way it's the whole truth,  because it's these feelings causing the envy you feel in the first place (if you were in a great relationship, then it wouldn't matter). It's not really about them,  just you.
Animals being hurt.  Animals rejected and unloved.  Animals dying.  All through no fault of their own. 

Seeing a polar bear starve because there isn't enough ice for him to hunt on.  The koalas and kangaroos,  and all the creatures fleeing from the fires.  The animals in the parks looking for food because the tourists have gone away and they're starving. The furbabies in cages and kennels, left alone for the night while waiting for their forever home.  Animals that die due to our stupidity, our ignorance,  our lack of respect...
Do you have any tips on how to cultivate relationships? I'd like to make friends...
I love Tolkien so much. He could create such a epic sense of vision.
Love LOTR! I can read it time and time again, and find such beauty in the story and words always.

I experienced what you're describing with Dune as well. I had read sci fi before Dune, and people thought that I wouldn't like it because Dune was old and many of the things that it had done, many had done after it so it wouldn't seem that special. They were so wrong, because Dune DOES IT SO WELL, I couldn't understand why there were those who could not appreciate the greatness that is Dune regardless of when they read it.
Broken boundaries,  regardless of gender,  is still really bad.  Guys can get really possessive and manipulative over other guys.
Have you looked into therapists that have a sliding scale? I haven't had much luck but there are therapists who offer a "sliding scale" of pricing for people who can't afford it.
Seriously consider having your husband,  with you present,  shut down your cousin (as kindly as possible,  but firmly so she understands her feelings are entirely unreciprocated and will stay that way).  
Then she needs to go and stay gone.
So sadly true.  What sucks is that the smart ones get away with it a lot of the time because the other parties can't do anything without getting the situation flipped on them.
If only more men were like your sisters husband.
It's like how weddings bring out the crazy in people. In this case, they didn't care until the proof was in the pudding that she wasn't going to be going anywhere.

Don't feel bad OP. Some families are just that shitty. How your husband responds to this will let you know whether your marriage is going to work or not. You want someone who can and will defend you till the end of time, thick or thin. Not someone who only does it when it's convenient or easy. He should be someone that you can talk to when someone disrespects you, even if it's his own mother. It's better to find out now, than later, whether your husband can be the man for you.
Traumatic bonding occurs not only in romantic relationships but in parent child relationships.  Children hold on tighter to inconsistent parents.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Sorry to say I honestly think that's the minority.
Once I was taking a children's literature class and the teacher recommended that we, the students, all go to a playground and observe children. Then one of the dudes raised his hand and was like 'er... sir, there's a problem with that, for anyone who's a guy...'  and it struck me how men have to be careful with their image as to not come off as a creep.
Also if you need a friend,  you can dm me.  It's important you don't feel alone.
There's a really good book that might provide great comfort and support for all these different feelings and things you're going through right now.  It addresses things from feeling like you're made out to be the bad guy,  how to feel "normal" again... the name is Daily Wisdom for Why Does He Do That. It will definitely help you know and feel that you are not alone,  you are not crazy or broken,  what you went through and are going through is monumentally hard and you can do it.
What a fun family!
I understand why you feel like that, I've been in your situation. You don't understand why he would do that, because you love him and you wouldn't do that to him. He doesn't love you, he doesn't care for you the same way you do for him. It's hard to accept that because you've been together for awhile, and you love him. It's difficult accepting that this person you thought you knew, and what you thought you had with him, doesn't exist. He would not be the first and be far from the last guy that keeps a person around for the benefits and convenience.
It's good your boyfriend is furious and wants to confront them,  and by doing so,  standing up for you. So many people have the exact opposite problem.  I've been where you are,  thinking and wanting to play nice hoping it will get better.  But doing it that way, it doesn't ever get better. I also realize it was a product of my low self esteem and people pleasing desires.  Maybe that's not the exact case for you, but sometimes respect has to be enforced, and your boyfriend is the right person to confront his friends on their shit. It's also good that he is clear headed enough to see that they are not good people,  even if they are seemingly,  outwardly good to him.
He's just one giant red flag. A lot of things you're saying sounds like abusive behavior. Screaming/intimidating to get his way in an argument, then turning it into a pity party so he doesn't take responsibility for his behavior, switches blame. Emotional manipulation. Garden of resentments. And this is all without even counting the ex issues. It's only been a month in? It's going to get so, so much worse. Point blank answer, remove him at least for awhile if not permanently, because he sounds very unhealthy and he needs help you can't and shouldn't give right now. Only you can uphold your own standard for what you want and how you want to be treated in a relationship, and nobody deserves to be treated like that.
Thanks for being so thoughtful and considerate, and caring for her the way you did. It was a great idea for you to call your girlfriend so she could feel safe.

I once made the mistake of thinking someone genuinely wanted to help me by offering me a ride, as I was looking for someone. They started trying to touch my leg and my hair, and talk me out of my relationship. I was lucky they let me get out of the car when I told them that I wanted to walk from that point on.
Honestly this is what I hate about families. Rather than holding each other responsible,  they just enable because they don't want to deal with it,  they either don't want toaccept the fact one of theirs has done something bad or in most cases,  they don't care.
Lovely couple! Wish you guys all the happiness. You know you're a good match when you're together 24/7 and are happy.
THIS IS SO ADORABLE I'm saving it to my animal crossing art folder. What a cute doggo, he must be very loved!
This is a great idea.  Put the dog out of his reach until you get the extra keys back from him and he's completely gone. 

While I understand why the last part might feel necessary due to his behavior,  it might be kinder not to say it. There are a lot of people who use that as an abusive tactic to shut up their partners.  A consistent no, and "i need you to please respect my decision to end this".
I hate having to say this but that mentality of his is really hard and difficult to deal with. Being blamed for his bad behavior, lashing out, the toxicity... Odds are you won't be able to change him, and he won't try to change until you leave, and even then only if he really tries and realizes how wrong he is will he change. His behavior is very entitled. While maybe it seems like he isn't an asshole outside of this context, as you put it in a comment, the thing is that the good periods are just another part of this cycle he has. It sounds like you've tried and maybe it's time to show you won't accept that behavior anymore if he doesn't care enough to listen to you.
Thank you for being someone who wants to do the right thing even when it's not easy. Too many people say to stay out of things, because they themselves are people who don't want to deal with things and don't care about other people's trouble. But the world would be a better place if more of us were like you and tried to look out for our fellow human being. Just be prepared for the worst possible outcomes such as 1) she may not initially believe you (2) he may try to turn mutual friends against you if he's that kind of person.
I haven't been married very long, and I was wondering... what is it that splits couples like your first marriage apart after being together for so long?
Thank you so much for this post
Do you care that your hurting your partner with your actions,  or do you just feel bad knowing you did something bad that reflects on who you are as a person? The truth is you need to learn to respect and empathize with your partner,  and to allow her to heal with the time she needs, not according to YOUR timeline of how long she gets to get over it. You must learn to accept the consequences of your actions,  over and over,  even though it probably feels unfair to you.  But it's only one step in a lifelong fight against the entitled mentality you have developed,  and your endless defense mechanisms.  You must learn to face the hurt you have done to your partner in it's entirety. If you are still causing new incidents, then you still don't respect or love your partner. You must train your brain to do this. There are exercises out there for men like you who want to change.  You must understand that what you have done is wrong on so many levels. I know this sounds harsh but it's the truth.  You also need to find a batterer group, and not just do individual therapy.
This is a very bad idea.  Never,  ever do couples therapy with an abuser or encourage someone to.  It has been found that the abuser ends up manipulating the couples therapy and their abusive mindset becomes more engrained. Abuse and anger management are also extremely separate things.  It's not anger that makes an abuser abusive; it's their sense of entitlement and the way they think,  not feel.  If you want to learn more about this subject I strongly recommend lundy bancrofts "why does he do this?" Book.  There are a lot of general myths surrounding abusers, and if you want to help people who are being abused,  it's important to know more about the subject because the wrong advice can easily make a victims life so so much worse.  I know you have good intention and you are telling OP really good,  standard advice that would work for a regular relationship.  Abuse is  just a whole different ballpark.
You talk like getting married as is a surefire way to know people won't engage in emotional affairs.  OP is also allowed her dealbreakers and what makes her uncomfortable.  Especially considering how things turned out,  she had good reason to be.
What a cutie! You guys look so happy. This picture radiates happiness that brings warmth to the heart. Thanks for bringing a little joy to my day.
Thank you, I truly appreciate you conveying that. When communication brings together understanding, it is the best feeling.  All the best to you as well!
I said 'if' because from here on the internet, I can't tell. I'm not saying he's guaranteed abusive, but that there are enough signs that perhaps she should study up on it to be able to assess for herself from professional resources (Lundy Bancroft, among several great authors, helps explain the difference between an unhealthy relationship/person that is struggling, versus an abusive one). As you said, many people (honestly I would say all of us) have done something or other that could be called abusive, without knowing or meaning to. Being an abuser is doing it deliberately to hurt, and without remorse, repeatedly. There are a lot of general myths about abusers, and certain things to be careful of because it can be used as a weapon by an abuser, like couples' counseling. Edit: By looking into these resources, she may also find tools that would help and unhealthy or struggling relationship
Thanks for sharing this cool snapshot from this slice of your life! And thank you, for everything you've done out there, and for continuing to help people the way you do (I saw your comment saying you're working as an ER).
Very much this. The entitlement aspect is very indicative of an abuser. The problem with couple's therapy is that (as it should), it tries to validate both of the parties. But this only works if both parties are reasonable, and the relationship is not abusive. The problem is that if your husband has crossed the line of abuse (the entitlement and victim attitude), couple's counseling will only cause those attitudes to become more entrenched.
I don't know if I would recommend couple's counseling because his behavior is abusive, and abusers tend to manipulate couple counseling sessions (they also tend to get worse as they use the psychology to manipulate the victim further). I would recommend getting your own therapist and educating yourself about abuse so you can be prepared for the situations that you might encounter, especially if you should do couple's counseling. If your partner hasn't shown proper remorse, and you're already on eggshells, I would bet money he's going to do it again.
soooooo cuuuuuuuuuuute
my question is: How is it you don't know that we, in the US, are that bad? I don't say this in a judgmental way, I genuinely want to understand how is it you view what is happening and how people are being right now, as I'm sure you're not the only one who shares that mindset to some degree. What is your logic? I live here and it's horrifying to me, how we are.
I think you know this already but that's not something you should bet on,  nor should it wait that long.  It's really scarring to be in the presence of such rage.
It's going to hurt but you might just need to find new friends.
As much as it sucks,  cut off that friendship because it's not a friendship.  I had a friend who did that but I still held onto the friendship,  making excuses for her.  She only grew even more toxic and hurtful.  She doesn't respect you.  It's not worth it,  it will only become a greater sunk cost on the end. Remember; that person wouldn't do for you what you do for her.
Oooh, what kind of in house date nights if you don't mind sharing?  I want to surprise my husband!
Someone broke through to me by saying,  "don't plan around how people SHOULD act,  but by how people actually act". There can be a huge difference in the two. 

She can still be a good person and at the same time adapt to situations in a way that preserves boundaries and self respect.
It's not that she doesn't have awareness, it's just that the truth is inconvenient for her so she actively denies it and refuses responsibility. It doesn't help that she and Troy enable each other.
"mmm I love fish"
Congratulations on your home!! It looks so lovely, and your dog is adorable. Much admire your perseverance through all that you have gone through. May your home be a wonderful and happy safe place for all time.
My pasta would still scramble even though the pasta was off the heat. I found putting it in an ice bath would create the perfect temp in my case, but it took a few scrambly spaghetties to get there haha
Amazingly worded and so true.
There's something unique about British comedy that just can't be replicated successfully
thank you so much for posting this, because you just got me hooked
It's not uncommon for people to withhold or water down their views while in the early stages of a relationship. When they get more comfortable, that's when the real views and stances come out. If anything, be grateful that you discovered this early rather than 10 years down the line. The level of religiousness, his need for you to be religious on the same level to the point of also adopting a stance of homophobia... you will have to change yourself to accommodate, which is not good. It's understandable that it's hard to leave but  this is probably a sign of bigger incompatibilities to come.
My husband bought a lot of tuna for the sake of stocking up. I now have over a dozen cans of tinned tuna (it's probably like 20), and even though I have a good recipe for tuna salad, I have no idea what to do with all of it...  Oh man, I gotta try some tinned saba, that sounds so good.
Haha I like your username! Anyway,  I can see how that could happen.  I had a guy really into me (wanted to get married and all that)  but he was dismissive, controlling and didn't prioritize my needs. Someone willing to introduce you to everyone isn't a guarantee of a healthy relationship or compatibility. But the majority of the relationships I had ever the guy wasn't proud of me, none of those were particularly good and didn't go past a certain point.
I didn't realize for a long time what being in a relationship should be like.  As in being with someone who truly valued me. A guy who really likes and values you,  and isn't using you for the benefits  (companionship,  sex) wants to show you to friends and family. They don't insult you or dismiss your feelings.  It sounds like at the very least you're going to need to set boundaries with him because right now you're teaching him that he can keep doing what he wants regardless of your feelings,  since you're not going to do anything about it. Sometimes we need to teach people how to treat us.
Dune is amazing
Love this. Also, this gives me less motion sickness than the Aquaman movie.
I used to have really severe anxiety and clinical depression. Finding the right therapist wasn't easy or cheap however with hard work it really improved my quality of life and my ability to have any kind of relationship with people (romantic and as a friend). What you're going through right now is so painful and I'm so sorry this has happened to you. It took a lot of things to happen for me to finally seek help  Working on yourself is the best thing you can do for yourself all around, and will help you not sabotage yourself further. Do you exercise much?  If not,  that is something actively you can also do that can help take your mind off things as well,  and does help in handling anxiety and depression.
Looks so huggable,  it's lovely
So cute!!
Cut off my own dad and honestly have not regretted it for a single day. If he hadn't been at my wedding I would have been perfectly fine with that. Ever since I cut him off,  I haven't really thought about him or cared; my life has become less stressful for it. People in general,  understandably, try to hold onto bonds with their parents even if those parents are bad people or plain toxic. But the truth is that you don't have to.  You can build a happy,  solid life away from them and not think twice.
Yeah for me the third horseman would definitely be horse mackerel.
There are situations where people date someone who at first is great but then have some horrific,  horrible blind spot or an area where they are frankly just an ass. It's sad but definitely a common and real thing.
Seems like you personally like her but you are allowing your friends judgements to affect how much you get to know her. To be honest group dynamics sometimes don't differ from mob mentality very much.  One person in a group doesn't like something,  other people start ganging up on that person, and they all think they're right when really they didn't give that person a chance,  all they did was take sides and "see" what they wanna see. It's optics. One person could do something and be perceived as shitty, while another could completely get away with it because they have better or stronger relations.
Trust isn't just a choice but something that takes time. Do your best to focus on the positive things she's doing for you and stay in the moment the best you can.  Perhaps you can ask her to help you through some of these fears.  While SOs aren't therapists,  they can still provide emotional support and that will give them the opportunity to earn a little of your trust back.  Please look into Gottman books,  they may help you and your wife understand what you are going through and how best to overcome it.
Hello how much for Alfonso and the Timmy misprint card?
It might be more of a slight muzzle instead of a double chin
There are online therapy services available, have you looked into those?
and I thought I was the only person whose friends didn't play AC... I'm not alone!!!
There's a video on youtube that explores this POV, it's pretty good.
My hippo Biff wore this hat I gave him that he absolutely loved. His response was extreme in its positive response,  going as far as to say " you really know my style!" He still puts it on now and then. Bianca and Apple both rewear clothes I give them too (also proclaimed to love the gift). So perhaps it's a matter of how much they like it and whether you catch them at the right times.
I checked. No active projects, no moving building or house. The option 'sell land' doesn't even appear.
Yes. Done all of that. All of those villagers have moved in, have everything. I have 9 villagers to date who are fully moved in.
I invited my campsite villager and he moved in awhile ago,   and no forgotten plots as far as I can tell
My island has only 9 villagers, tom nook won't give me another housing packet to make a 10th plot. Is this normal? My husband and I both play on the same island as two separate villagers, but I heard that shouldn't affect the number of npc villagers or housing you can have.
What happens when you give your villagers gifts they don't like? By don't like, I mean instead of proclaiming to love it (and putting it on, in the case of clothing), they just say thank you and maybe give you a little something in exchange.  Also, I gave a villager clothing they loved, but now I wish I had given it to them in a different color because the other color would look better. Is there a way to get rid of stuff you've given to them, and is there an effect of giving villagers things that they don't like?
Think it might be just coincidence...  I've had villagers I talk to and give presents to everyday ask to leave,  and one of them lives directly next to another villager.
congratulations and welcome, new Animal Crossing Friend!
I'm going to save it to my Animal Crossing art folder, it makes my heart happy looking at it!
I love how your room has all kinds of things in it, it has so much personality! It's really fun to look at and has such nice pops of color, little plants everywhere, and the hammy. It's great!!
hahaha! How does one be a bitch on neopets out of curiosity? I wasn't on that game for very long in my youth
Aw it's lovely. The coloring is really nice too. What an endearing little Tom Nook. If you ever do a series you should definitely post it up here too for us to see!
The last pic just deals the deal,  thank you for this haha
Thanks for your thoughtful reply.  What would be a good example of what to say to assert myself when they cross a line? I struggle with knowing what's a good way of holding boundaries when for most of my life I was taught just to suck it up, but I want to change that. Thank you
Question... how do you not allow someone to disrespect you?

Edit: asking because I have to deal with a similar situation with a very unpleasant person
Sometimes people don't outgrow being crappy human beings, and I'm not talking about OP. Frenemies do exist, even as adults, whether we choose to label them as such or not.
Cue kitchen! Mix and match designs can be equally as wonderful as ones matching sets. also I love that this game has a ricecooker
Please PM me too about these,  they are just lovely
It's really understandable how a lot of rejection and hardship with people could lead to your perspective and feelings. People can be very hurtful, and it's tough when you've got a little higher hurdles than others when it comes to that (I myself have some, including social anxiety). 

Getting a dog is a wonderful idea, because they are the best buddies. However, if you do, be prepared to be approached by people and have conversations! Dog people tend to approach other dog people. Dog parks are wonderful places for both dogs and people. You can go there to just enjoy dogs, and if you choose to, you can even socialize. Perhaps rather than avoid socialization due to fear of rejection... You don't need to seek it out, but welcome it when it does happen. If you're relaxed, the other person will be more relaxed too!
The problem with your first campsite visitor is that you're forced to invite them. Not talking to them the second time only delays your story progression... and that's how I ended up with Rodney.
She's one of my starting villagers and I love her too! Sometimes she'll come sit by me, and lately she'll sing in the evenings. When I leave she stops singing but once I come back she starts up again.
Am limited to only favorite thing....? Designing my little home and island,  learning and acquiring new things to do it, playing with my husband :)
999- too many favorite things! Playing with my husband and getting new things to design the island environment (and my home!) Area at the top
Thank you so much!!
It's my first time playing this game too! My husband has played the franchise before.  The game is really enjoyable at the pace given.  I was like "how are people getting all this crazy stuff?!" And my husband immediately said  "time travel". We don't want to  do that though because we want to extend the experience of the game and enjoy it that way (not that there's anything wrong if you want to time travel). I do sometimes wish we had more animal crossing friends! 

Your room is cute and charming, thank you for sharing it!
Clever!
Don't worry about your scars! Because it won't matter to the right person. The poster u/platypuffs gives thoughtful and sound advice. I definitely recommend the book "Attached". It will help you understand how your style and your partners style interacts,  and be helpful as a way to overcome your avoidant style disorder through self awareness. The road might be hard but you can do it!
The point the person is making is that you and your friend have different values.  Your friend values transparency and openness with his gf. When and if he gets married,  that will be even more so. This is actually very common,  especially if you two are opposite genders.  You can't force him to change his values just as he can't force you to change yours. The kind of emotional support you're asking of your friend would make him look very shady if he wasn't open with his gf about it.
Hello! I would suggest Minecraft. It's a simple game where you explore and build things. It doesn't look beautiful from a first impression but the more you play it, the more you see the beauty of the game. It's got a really fun learning curve and can go quite deep, very good for all ages. Your children and grandchildren can also play it with you if you guys get a server to play on! So it can be a way to connect even if you can't see each other physically. Add Discord (a voice chat program), and you guys can talk and play together! Minecraft is available and easy to play on PC, which more than likely your children/grandchildren have too so you wouldn't have to worry about getting a console.

Another game (although this is console) is Animal Crossing: New Horizons. It's charming and simple, and not really an 'action game' whatsoever. But some people find it very satisfying and fun (more of a gathering and crafting game). The multiplayer here isn't ideal but theoretically you could play with your family with this game as well. I also hear great things about Stardew Valley; haven't tried it myself but I'm sure that one is lots of fun. The games I've mentioned so far are all games you can take at your own pace when you play.
Remember that you will need to be conscientious,  and extremely self aware at all times.  Understand that until otherwise,  this will be a long and hard fight,  maybe even a lifetime long.  But you can do it.  And it will get easier.  The best thing is that you realized it and are owning it instead of blaming and running away.  Therapy will be key. Go to lundy Bancroft site and do his exercises for abusive people. Once of the key things you must know is that your behavior and feelings stem from how you are literally thinking, and you must change how you think if you truly want to become better.
Super easy and super delicious!
Oh, yes for sure it is not entirely HelloFresh's fault. However I doubt my direct complaint to the guy delivering it to me is going to do anything. I hope by telling HelloFresh, they can put pressure or speak to whoever they need to in terms of delivery for better performance.

Such as, Amazon used 3rd party companies to deliver packages to my complex. Some of these 3rd party companies were terrible. One knocked and peered through my blinds, kept knocking till I opened, asked me where the leasing office was. I told him, he came back and asked me to deliver the package for him  (wtf??). This happened serveral times. So I told my leasing office, and they dealt with it through Amazon, and that no longer happens.
Hey heads up,  I just saw online that hellofresh is stopping their promotions (started 3/17) and free meal codes for awhile due to the current state of things.  So your code may not be valid for some time.
I used a groupon that said it would give me $90 dollars off and required me to subscribe. The thing it didn't tell me is that it split my $90 dollar discount over several boxes (so week 1 had a $40 discount, week two had $30, etc etc). While I don't mind this because I was intending to try the service, it is possible that they might be discounting it over several boxes instead of all at once. Their customer help service is pretty good so if you subscribe and find out it's not what you think, you can probably cancel and ask for a refund.
The thing is,  she's established that you snapping at her makes her feel unsafe and affects her trust in you.  You see it as,  there's so many things you didn't snap at her for.  She might see it as "I don't know when he's going to snap at me". The thing about building or having a future with someone is that, like another poster said,  mindset is a big part of it (like seeing it as a cute quirk). And being able to work together or handle things in a way that creates or maintains a sense of safety. It really seems like she can't help it,  so perhaps there best thing to do would not put her in situations where the outcome might be you going BABE, PLEASE. But if this would cause you to resent or lose respect for her,  then the relationship will suffer. Mindset and acceptance,  love and understanding,  these are necessities.
Thank you :)
Good luck! I truly mean this (should've written it in my original comment). All we can do is our best... we all make mistakes and hurt even those we love. But we don't have to stay that person. We can be a better person starting today. It's great you've reached this self awareness to realize your mistakes and the epiphany of how precious this person is to you.  It seems like you are really remorseful and want to do good by her,  and really that's the important thing,  that you're genuine and care about her. Depression is a terrible horrible beast, that takes different forms and leaves casualties in its wake.  You were the best you could be at the time,  so as another poster so kindly said,  forgive yourself, even if it doesn't work out (I hope it does for you,  though!). Forgive yourself,  and be strong so you can understand her hurt, and help her through it.  Persevere and try your hardest,  that counts for so much (a couple people I know who are either married or together now, got together because one party really tried). I really do wish you the best as I can relate to where you're at.
If you can show you genuinely care about her feelings and show real remorse- consistently-, show her with words and actions and accept accountability for yor wrongdoing and really listen to her so she feels heard... I'd say that's the stepping stone to get being able to rebuild trust and possible take you back. It needs to be real.  Keep in mind she is not obligated to do so; even if you do all this and she decides that things are just too broken for things to continue in a healthy way, then you will just have to accept that.  None of this means being a doormat, but it does mean understanding the effort you need to put forward in order for her to even take you back as a partner,  and the effort to earn her trust in you as her partner back.  There will be some extra "sacrifices" you might need to make in order to move forward.  It would also be good to come up with a plan of action describing how you will improve and consciously prevent what happened from happening again and not take her for granted.
She sounds... overwhelmed? I'm not saying what you're expecting is unreasonable. Its just possible that it feels like too much to her for some reason.  Things I can do now easily when it comes to taking care of my family home, felt overwhelming and like drudgery when I was depressed.  I attributed my depression to feeling unfulfilled and lacking my sense of self.
Sometimes people don't want to own up to their feelings because they feel like they 'failed'. Or if the other person isn't a bad person, they feel guilty. Sometimes they even try to make out the other person to be bad, just so they can still be a good guy and justify breaking up. Honestly, people will often unconsciously and consciously do 
anything to protect their self-image and ego, and the longer someone's a terrible person, the more embedded and difficult it is for them to turn around in the mirror and look because that realization is not pleasant at all.
NTA.

Posts like yours and many others which involve a work environment has just proves how people will do crazy things to get what they want (essentially, people are crazy and selfish). That and people get all group-y. The trouble maker is not your cat but that woman's dog, because she doesn't have it well trained enough to chill. If your cat isn't causing issues with a majority of the dogs, and is keeping to itself, it's her problems. And her friends are assholes too.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Whether to have children or not can be a dealbreaker in relationships, and it sucks that this area where you thought you were once compatible in, has no longer become so. In some cases you get people who are okay with having or not having children, but she's made it pretty clear that she doesn't want any. It's better that she's honest with herself and you about what she wants rather than becoming resentful from having children, and children suffering for it. She may be acting like the conversation never happened because it sounds like otherwise she's quite happy in your relationship, so she might just be hoping that things can go on the way they are. It comes down to what is more important to you; do you want to spend the rest of your life with her, or do you want children? Neither of you are wrong for wanting what you want, and if you have to walk away from the relationship because of it.
Good for you on choosing not to defend fucked-up family and their complete lack of respect towards a human being and boundaries. Your brother did something terrible and frankly not something that could be forgiven, as he wasn't even sorry. He did it over and over again despite seeing the horrible consequences and suffering it caused another human.

It's great you came to this conclusion, I'm only one of many people on Earth but I definitely think you made the right call. Putting the safety of your loved one first and their feelings first, is important.

I have a question, and I don't mean this to create guilt but really more because I'm in a situation in which I'm trying to understand the other party (aka, I wish they would open their eyes). Why did you try to get your girlfriend to forgive your brother and your family, instead of standing up for her to begin with? Was it a matter of not respecting or loving her enough, or is it really just a matter of ignorance on the right thing to do (being torn between people who were good to you but shit to her, and her)? Why did you try to defend your family in the first place?
Although the saying to 'put yourself in the other person's shoes' is great and often applicable, keep in mind that not everyone has the same reactions/understandings/beliefs that you do. So sometimes putting yourself in another person's shoes isn't enough; you must actually understand them, how they operate, and how to communicate with them.

Never wish your partner harm. This is a toxic road.

You can never really ever take back something you say. Words are powerful and critical. Be careful with your partner even in times of great heat and anger. Remember that you love them, and you want to be on the same team, remember to respect them.

Set healthy boundaries. If someone is being violent or aggressive, saying or acting in ways that are unacceptable, let them know and walk away. Sometimes talking, staying, in any way engaging when the person is in their lizard-brain mode, only feeds fuel to the fire. Walk away, but let them know you will come back, when they are okay again.


Edit: Back to the words thing... unless you have some kind of prior understanding or agreement, do not utter the word divorce out of spite. By doing so, you will destroy your partner's sense of security and safety in the marriage, as well as trigger abandonment and trust issues (because how can they count on you to stay through tough times if you threaten to leave all the time?)
Always put in effort, make effort, for romance, making up dates, any little thing you can do to make the other person's life easier. They'll do the same for you, if they are a good partner.
I heard from others (without any source to verify) that Tolkien did intend to imbue some form of Christianity, and that he disliked the author of Narnia for making Christianity so blatant.  How did they find that he didn't mean to (which I could and want to believe!)? Of course, it doesn't change the fact that it is a Christian allegory. Him writing it without that intent is very believable, as our imaginations and stories are comprised of our own life experiences and understanding in some form, as well as the stories we come across ourselves. 

Btw I loved your post OP. It was well written and informative. It is so interesting how writings can take a life of their own once given to the audience.
It follows the original short story "Sonnie's Edge' by Peter F Hamilton very well. The beastie design aligns with what was described in the written story better than the example you provided I believe. In the story they also needed human controllers. It's possible that the anime copied from the story! Regardless, there are enough design differences to where it really can't be said it was stolen or copied.
NTA. Please tell him. 
The only thing that is preventing you from doing the right thing is your sense of self preservation and preserving the 'relationship' you think you have with your daughter. You say you have a great relationship. What does that mean when it's with a sociopath, who has admitted to you that she cares nothing for you or her family members, much less others? You're just another person that she's comfortably pulled into her act.

Please tell the poor fiance, because this is something that has the capacity to change and ruin his life. What if he has children with her, to later find out she's a sociopath and get trapped in the marriage out of fear of what she might do to him or their children? Valuable years of his life that he could spend finding a partner who actually loves him will be instead spent on your daughter, who will view losing him as a major inconvenience to whatever plans she has. This man deserves to have full disclosure so he can make an INFORMED CHOICE. Marriage is about marrying someone you think you know well enough to spend the rest of your life with them. This critical component of your daughter is not something that can be swept under the rug for his safety.

Please tell him. You already prompted her to tell him, and she threatened you for saying you would. Do the right thing, not the easiest thing.
Thanks for your post! It's great learning about these additional details, they add more meaning to the game.  
https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.iflscience.com/health-and-medicine/simple-method-proves-effective-countering-anti-vaccination-attitudes/
Bad news... Study has found that anti-vaxxers don't care about evidence or research, if anything it just makes them double down. The study that all anti-vaxxers use as the premise of their belief has already been proven to be false, yet none of them care or will admit it. It sucks that your sister has to deal with them. I hope she blocks them, it is horrible they are so disrespectful towards her. As if having a kid with autism isn't difficult enough (nothing against autistic kids or people, just saying that being autistic or having a child who is autistic, from what I've seen and what I can imagine, is more difficult). 
He doesn't speak if you summon him in battle sometimes but he always says something typically when you summon him, even if it's a repeat. Since picking him up I use him exclusively. Also, if you google, you'll find some people do have an error where Mimir doesn't talk, or Ratatoskr doesn't talk. One way to tell is that if you're not in battle and you summon him, Ratatoskr should say something every time. If he only makes squirrel noises multiple times in a row, something's wrong.
That's an unfortunate truth to hear. I had a really great figure before, I'm hoping I can get it back. Right now it's so far from what it used to be, I don't recognize myself in photos.
It's funny because a lot of people find Atreus annoying. I find him pretty helpful and fun. Love the character dynamics and dialogue in this game.   


For a kid, he's pretty alright and sweet (at least at the point I'm at). I'm sure he's going to have some development or problems soon, but who didn't as a kid? We all had our annoying stupid phases, and most of us weren't able to shoot arrows to make up for it, so....
YOUR SHIELD IS SHIT!

or

I have rabies.  


are among many wonderful insults he throws
Hi! Commenting for a chance. Would make a nice surprise for hubby! Thank you for being such a generous soul.
My husband was panicking over getting us a tiny christmas tree because Whole Foods was no longer selling them and we couldn't find one anywhere. Finally he surprises me with a tiny fake plastic tree he gets from Target, and I know he tried so hard because he wanted us to have a little tree to celebrate with. We had a lot of fun with it, and decorated it with so much tinsel it basically looks like a furry boa tree with ornaments on. I don't want to take it down yet because I love it and what it stands for, which to me is my husband's love and effort to make our place a home and a happy holiday for me.
When I was going through my grad term at my art school, my husband would sit next to me while I worked and read a book to me. It is one of our favorite memories together to this day. These kind of moments are wonderful to have.
If you're feeling like this, you don't really have much admiration or respect for your partner. Nothing in here indicates you admire her, or really respect her. You *like* her, sure.

It honestly sounds like you're afraid to be a 'bad guy' by leaving. Staying while having this huge amount of resentment and these sorts of feelings towards your partner, is unfair for your partner. It doesn't so sound like you want to work on things, or help her learn to 'resolve' things versus survive them. It doesn't sound like you really love her. So just leave instead of making everyone miserable and asking for approval from internet strangers.
If you want to move on, and distance yourself, you will need to stop seeing him. It's going to hurt, because you're attached to him. However, sometimes you have to do things that don't feel good or hurt, because ultimately it's what's best in the long run. Doing the right thing is not always the easiest or most feel good thing. It's not good for you, it's not the right thing to do, and this situation looks set up for someone to get seriously hurt.  


He is in a poly relationship, you want something monogamous and commitment. At best, you will be no.2, because his fiance is his primary relationship.  Because you don't desire a poly relationship, this is really an affair more than anything as *you want him for yourself and don't want him to be engaged anymore*. Would you feel ok if you were his fiance and someone had these feelings for your husband/did these things to you? Do you want to be that person?  


I know how hard it is cutting off someone you're emotionally attached to, even knowing it's bad for you. Some of those experiences messed me up for a long time. I really advise you find a way to distance yourself unless you really research polygamous relationships and have the confidence to place the proper boundaries and feelings accordingly, but even then it's really not a good idea as he doesn't seem to be able to put those boundaries and feelings himself. 
No, that's not. A true friend (and good person with integrity) is willing to hold their friends accountable and do what is good for their friend's growth, not enable or just promote bad behavior for the sake of maintaining a friendship or their personal benefit.
Just because you get accustomed to something doesn't mean it should be okay or something you should accept.
Seeing this makes me feel so hopeful about my own marriage, as we got married around the 2 year mark too. How you describe the feeling of your relationship is beautiful; I hope to have that feeling in my own marriage as well! That's a beautiful photo of you two; you make a beautiful couple.
You can have a bromance without being possessive or toxic. 
Some guys have unhealthy and possessive attachments to their male friends (and in the few cases I noticed, they were all guys who had problems with women or no girlfriend). That behavior was shit I did back in like middle school and these men in their mid to late twenties were pulling this crap. I'm glad I'm not the only one who noticed that some male friendships cross from having friendly intimacy into unhealthy possessive behaviors.
Good luck!! Hope everything works out and you guys come out stronger with a happy marriage.
This is a good example why couples counseling may not be the appropriate treatment for you (and technically isn't). Your couples counselor did what couples counselors do, which is focus on a dual dynamic between the two of you. The problem with that is that any kind of blame on your partner FEEDS your abusive mindset. It doesn't matter how little, it's feeding your mindset when it needs to not be fed and to be eliminated completely. The treatment towards abusers is designed towards focusing purely on you and your way of thinking, and is different from couples' counseling. Your wife doesn't deserve any of the treatment you're giving her, and she doesn't owe you praise for behaving decently the way you -should- behave. (source: Lundy Bancroft)

&#x200B;

It's hard and not cheap, but you may want to look into individual therapy or perhaps making the effort to go to the battering program despite the other people who attend it. What's more important, the drive or your pride? Seriously, the fact you are self aware is a huge step. Realize the rest of the way isn't going to be easy either.
Keep working on yourself, keep doing those worksheets aimed at Men Who Want To Change (did you find those?).  


Good! Keep feeling like shite! Not because I think you should be miserable, but because that's a good sign. You're not letting your pride or shame get in the way of you acknowledging your abuse and how wrong it is (shame can be a big problem). It's good you are being pro-active and taking these steps.   


Understand that abuse is the opposite of love, and why. 
The problem with this is that it's very difficult for you at this point in time to not manipulate or do these things. I knew someone who was aware their behavior was becoming abusive, and the wrong couples counseling actually made it worse. Couples counseling works on the basis that there is a dual dynamic. Abuse comes from your thought processes and beliefs, and the whole point of the battering program is to destroy that basis of your belief.   


You really should seek individual counseling. Any professional couples therapist will not see you (at least my understanding from my own therapist) if there is abuse. 
Have you looked into Lundy Bancroft? His website in the articles section has stuff for Abusive Men who want to change. Just scroll down a little and you'll find it: [http://lundybancroft.com/articles/](http://lundybancroft.com/articles/)  


It's really great that you recognize and want to change. 

It's not the feeling, it's the thinking behind everything that creates the abusive mindset. How do you view your wife? How do you view your family? Individual therapy may be useful (if you are completely honest about your goals). One of the key things is that you need to start respecting your wife. Deep down you are not respecting her as an equal. Hopefully you will find exercises and therapy may help guide you to the way of thinking that creates a good marriage. 
When I was severely depressed, I didn't. I've literally lost muscle mass from it.  Then I slowly started to pull myself out of the hole by telling myself "I am a strong independent woman.  What would a strong independent woman do?"  It helped me deal with what was happening at the time on the way that I focused on bettering myself instead of well.... Feeling like I was human garbage.  Believing in myself even though it felt like a lie. 

I read something that really stuck with me.  "He will come to see you as you see yourself." 

Another thing that helped me was realizing things could change and be better. That people don't care where you were,  only where you are.
To be honest that situation isn't going to improve unless you create boundaries, and that also means being willing to walk away. My husband dated a woman who was not trusting and quite controlling, and it only escalated and got worse. He was in that relationship for four years and by the end of it he was quite depressed, and was being emotionally and verbally abused.  


The level of controlling behavior is seriously abnormal and unsustainable, and the problem is that it has become an expectation and entitlement.  


Seeing that you don't want to leave her, I really advise for you to go to individual therapy, because a therapist can help you decide how to approach these situations and how to create healthy boundaries/introduce change. They can also give you strength in how to cope in the meanwhile, or help you make hard decisions when the time comes to it. I don't suggest couple's counseling as your gf shows indications of being abusive.   


&#x200B;
Thanks for sharing your story with me.  I'm sorry you have that pain as well.  Its great you have a brother who cares about you.  
It's important to be honest and self-aware with yourself about what you can handle or not. Some people want to believe they can get over certain things and it turns out they can't, causing extended misery for everyone. At the same time, it all comes down to how much you want it, and how much both parties are willing to work or do what it takes to succeed. It's up to you to decide whether you want to continue, and then if you do, discuss with her what needs to happen and determine if it's realistic to continue being together. You probably already know all of this. u/The_Wicked_Wombat speaks clearly. It's okay if it's not something you can accept. At the same time, there are other ways to view this situation if you want to find a way to continue.   


It's hard for both of you. You feel understandably betrayed and shocked, your view of who she was has become questionable. You feel your trust and the foundation on which you began your relationship has been violated. Her on the other hand, seemed to clearly want to put that past self behind her and not let it define her in the future or dictate things (you admit you wouldn't have continued the relationship); it's understandable why she would hide it. Doesn't mean it's okay, but it's really understandable.
I don't think that user is judging whether someone's mom is normal or not, they are merely saying that it is unfair to hold people who were raised by unhealthy moms to the same standard that people who were raised by healthy moms are. And by standard, I mean that you can't expect someone to have a good relationship with someone who is toxic for them, and to 'red flag' them for that is harsh.

From an outside perspective (as in, my mom gives a shit as to where she is and who she's around) you'd think my mom is a funny, outgoing and sweet woman who loves to tell stories about her kids. I see a woman who verbally and emotionally abused me to the point where strangers would pity me and one even gave me their phone number. She wouldn't take me to the doctor or let me open a bank account or have access to money, she beat me quite a bit, and when she tells 'stories' now about my 'uniqueness' and 'individuality', I see what she's really doing which is trying to show off how defective I am while making herself look like a loving proud mom. I assure you she's not. I can't get by a single conversation without her insulting me somehow.
THanks for posting about your experience. Makes me feel better knowing I'm not crazy for having these kind of experiences too (and that really, there are just messed up people in the world), and also, that there are Ashleys out there. <3 
How can I make my husband feel like he's a lucky husband the way you do? Have you guys had any really huge hurdles to overcome between the two of you (hurt you've caused each other)? If so, how did you overcome any perceived negativity towards your wife? 
Honestly, I may not fear getting raped or murdered but I'm certainly wary and cautious about it.   


One guy invited me for a work session (we were in art school) at his house. I barely knew the guy. He confessed to me, I declined, he somehow ended up screaming at me and then effectively ditching me by storming out of his house for two hours (I left after two hours and receiving no responses). Then he proceeded to be hostile to me at our school workplace when he felt I gave a friendlier response to a student on the job than what I wrote to him over Skype omw to work.  


Another man grabbed my ass on a tinder date. I've had men offer to help me by giving me a ride, and then start touching me and keep doing it even when I ask them to stop.  


There's lots of nice guys out there who don't do any of this shit but the problem is that there are way too many who do, who either feel entitled or want to take advantage. So I would say it's more like being careful. Because you just can't tell with people.
It's unresolved for you. The things in our mind that are unresolved that we haven't found closure for, tend to stick the longest.  


This is going to sound messed up, but perhaps you need to try focus on the more negative aspects of that relationship if you start thinking about it (this is a tactic used to help break unhealthy attachment). You might be idealizing it and more than ever need to ground it. While it's normal to wonder what could have been, it's getting to an unhealthy point and even you recognize you need to move on with your life.   


On the other hand, also focus on the positive aspects of your current relationship. Put more effort into romance, devotion, into watering the grass that you have. Gratitude. You can do it! I promise.   


I've known people who stayed in love with others for years and years. They only got over it when they realized they didn't want to spend the rest of their lives that way.  

It's not trying to destroy their relationship. It's more telling Rachel the truth so she can have the truth and decide what she wants to do with the relationship. It's also not being a bystander and basically enabling Dan in being a shitty person.  


You keep saying you're going to lose all your friends. Why would you lose all your friends over this? Furthermore, if all these people are saying that you shouldn't do it, then that says something about the kind of people you're hanging around.   


You say no one here is seeing where you're coming from, but it seems more like that everybody really DOES see where you're coming from. They're just telling you that you have to do the hard thing if you want to do the right thing, and that you should do it. Of course it doesn't sit well with you, this whole situation, because it puts you in a place where you are putting your image and relationships at risk. It's scary and you might not come out unscathed. It's not fair to you, no. It's not fair to you that Dan is a shitty friend who's putting you in this position, or that your friends aren't backing you up (and you know why those people aren't backing you up? Because they don't want to have something to lose, and they're hoping if they all don't look at it, then it's not their problem). But it's really up to you on what kind of person you want to be and what kind of people you want to be around.  


People respect people who do the right thing a lot more than people who think only of themselves and how to get by without a scratch.   


Think about how you would feel if you were Rachel, down to having no friends. How would you feel if people you thought were your friends all lied to you because they were your bf's friends first, even though he was treating you like garbage. If you choose to do nothing, at least know why and what kind of person you are by doing that.
You may think Dan is a good person outside of his relationship, but people don't work that way. He's not a good person. He may look like he's a good person to you because he's fun around you and hasn't done anything actively shitty to you yet, but he's not; it just happens you are either ignorant of shit he is doing to you, or he just hasn't had reason to do shit to you yet. He's not a good person because ultimately, it's about him. He is not a good person, and honestly you need to stop justifying you covering him and your relationship with him to yourself by saying that. It's fine if you want to be friends with a shit person, but at least be aware enough to see it for what it is; he's a fun guy to hang out with, he treats you well enough (for now), but he's a shitty person.  


I've dated a guy who was a total narcissist and a horrible person to me in our relationship. To everyone else, he was great, because he cared about how he appeared to them and it made him feel good to be liked by people. It just happened to be in his self interest to be good to those people. I've met other people like that too, people who are good to you or their friends if it serves their ego or self interest, but are manipulative/deceitful shady shits when it comes to getting what they want and unethical. That is who they are. The only difference between you and Rachel is that he hasn't had enough of a self serving reason or opportunity to do something selfishly shitty to you. He is not a good guy. I feel like I don't have the right words to describe what I'm trying to say, but I hope the point is getting across. You only see Dan as a good person because he hasn't done those things to you yet. It's a lot easier to think of someone as a good person when you see them doing shit to other people but they're good to you, or it feels fun.  


Guess what? What feels good and fun isn't always good, or the right thing. The easiest thing isn't always the right thing to do. Right now the easiest and most comfortable thing for you to do is what you're doing right now, which is covering up for Dan and essentially lying to Rachel. But it's not the right thing to do.   


You're not a good friend to Dan or Rachel because you enable Dan's shittiness and you essentially lie to Rachel, perpetuating an unhealthy lie of a relationship. Rachel still might be your friend if you tell her, because at least you're telling her. Maybe she won't be, or maybe she'll need a ton of space for awhile. But you should tell her. Maybe Dan won't be your friend anymore, but honestly, what right does he have to chew you out on anything when he's making you lie for him?   


Stop justifying to yourself why you keep lying for Dan and trying to take the easy route for this situation. How can you expect the girl who gave Dan a blowjob to do something that you won't even do? You're honestly just running away from having to do something hard even though you know it's right.  


It's not messed up to call him out on being shitty. It's messed up to promote and enable someone being shitty and essentially fucking over someone else's life just because they are your friend 'first', and that says more about you as a person than you think.
very much agree with u/theyear1200 ... You're trying to do a good thing, but it's a hard line to walk because of the level of emotional intimacy it is creating. Your girlfriend is feeling increasingly threatened because her feelings are being invalidated/disrespected, which snowballs into more lack of trust. You and your gf should try couple's counseling if it's possible. However, if you do, please don't go in with the expectation of 'changing her mind', but of really trying to build trust and do better by her. That will help create more security, and perhaps the counselor can help you both discover the level of boundaries needed for you both to feel comfortable as well as rebuild trust with each other.  


To be honest, I've been wondering how I would deal with a similar situation in the future (from your gf's perspective, only probably kind of worse). My husband is friends with an ex he was in love with for 7 years and who considers him her best friend. I don't know the reason he stopped pursuing her, except I do know she met her husband around that time. The awkward thing is that sometimes she does things that trigger to me as inappropriate; the way she'll look at him sometimes, and (this was definitely inappropriate), unnecessarily reminiscing in a certain way about their time together with a wistful voice or something. I've found a short email where she babytalked to him and he babytalked back. She's married with kids. It does not make me feel more secure at all. My husband swears he's platonic only, but you know what, as long as there's sexual attraction possible (as in, you're not straight), there is a danger (not saying you're going to do anything, just that the tension and possibility is always there... I know a straight women who then was with a gay woman for 35 years. The straight woman never considered herself gay, because that was the only woman she was ever attracted to).   


My husband didn't see how things were weird (my mistake was vocalizing it to him repeatedly in the wrong way), until his ex recently did this reminiscing thing at our last get together. Not even he could admit that wasn't weird, and it was only that incident that made him realize that maybe she does reminisce or think about him in a certain way that may not be entirely appropriate. You may not be able to see the situation as well as your gf does because you're inside it. And sometimes we don't know ourselves as well as we think we do, or other people. 
How did your husband say that to you, and how long had the problem been going on? I'm trying to find a way to get through to my husband, who used to not be like that to me, but it results in him freaking out or raging. I end up silencing myself without even meaning to.   


Congratulations on making that change, I grew up in an abusive household and had to change a lot of undesirable things myself. It's hard taking responsibility and even more so for changing. That's really awesome of you to have listened to your husband and do all that hard work for your life together.  


OP, u/limitless_client has really good advice for you here. Don't let it go too far. I didn't heed my couple's counselor's advice when he told me and my husband that my husband needed to take responsibility, and I needed to stop making him feel better about doing bad things. I didn't make the stand for myself early on and things only snowballed into a bigger monster that everyday I'm trying to figure out how to fix. Don't let her get into that way of thinking because that way of thinking leads to abuse.  


The thing about abuse is that there is NEVER a good reason to abuse someone, ESPECIALLY your SO. Your SO is the person you should treat with the most love and respect, because LOVE IS RESPECT. No matter how angry or despairing someone feels, it is never okay to hurt and abuse another person under any circumstance. The reasoning, justifications, and excuses are all the traps of an abusive mindset. Love is being kind and communicating  in healthy, productive ways. u/ApprehensiveLecture nailed it.
Congratulations! So happy to hear that you've found your way and are thriving. It's great that your daughter and son know what they saw for themselves and see how hard you tried. Wishing and hoping for the very best for you, and be proud of yourself for finding the strength to carry on and for giving your all. I read your previous post and it's really commendable how you tried to break a bad cycle. Problem was that your wife was perpetuating it all on her own. I'm sorry you had to go through so much pain.

If it's alright, may I PM you for some advice? I'm in a situation that may sound familiar to you and your experienced insight would be so very much appreciated.
If he's a piece of shit, why are you friends out of curiousity?  


\*edit: also you have my upvote because that is so true, that assholes come in all forms.
Sorry... I hope that wasn't too much or too intense.
Thanks. I'm hoping that somehow this incident will magically come out better than I thought it will. I just get sad because I feel like whenever I start hoping, when things turn out otherwise it just hurts all the more. 
The thing is though that the people who do that, usually do it to people they can get away with. The other people are usually in on it to some degree; they like the instigator more, and don't do anything about it.   


It just sucks becuase it doesn't seem like there's much OP can really do about it. But at least you know that you're not a bad person like that, OP.
Ya, people suck.
I like your name u/TamagotchiGraveyard . I've been having a numbingly sad day but your username made me feel a little happy thinking of tamagotchies and frankly, how massive their graveyards must be.
Hahaha, I've seen that video. It's one of Jordan Peterson's better ones. Can't say I'm a fan of him but he does say some good things and for all things, is an intelligent guy.  


Thanks for the link, it was a good reminder and I wish I had watched it before even deciding to try ask him how he was feeling (he gets so strung out and defensive, asking him how he's doing feels like punishment I guess).  


&#x200B;
It never truly goes away, at least in my case. It's something I always have to be aware to try prevent slipping back down into. I view it more as in, how much better it is. I can gauge that based on how positively ( or at least non negatively affected) I feel about life and people. The biggest thing is that I'm more pro-active and actually have the initiative to want to do things, and can even enjoy things or find them fun/worthwhile.  I can be more mindful of my SO's feelings and support them better.  


When I am depressed, I don't want and can't feel the motivation to do anything. Everything feels tiring, futile, or pain. I am incredibly tired for no reason at all, and not even my little dog can cheer me up (though he tries).  Ruminating constantly.   


What I found helps, even though it feels like I'm lying to myself at first, is just not allowing my thoughts to reach past a certain point. If I start dwelling on negative thoughts, I make efforts to stop thinking about it by doing something else or actively dismissing the thoughts. I was only able to start doing this with the help of the right therapist and medication. I had the wrong therapist for me before finding the right one, and the results were disastrous. Even right now, I don't think I'm 'normal' or 'all better', because I struggle on days where the anxiety feels like it'll eat me up alive. But I'm learning how to get through those episodes to feeling more normal. I try to convince myself that maybe even if things aren't great right now, if I focus on making things good and not focusing on the bad things, I can change the 'ending to my story' by changing 'my story' to a positive one. So kind of like, by believing in a positive outcome I can reach for myself, it allows me to be stronger in doing what I need to do to make it happen.
Doesn't matter if you mention it to her or not, because that's how you're thinking in your mind, which is reflected in your actions.
Yes, it is important to have understanding. What I was trying to explain to you is that there is a way to make someone feel understood and heard, and sometimes that means just saying that you're sorry. You can explain separately why you behaved that way, and say your behavior was inexcusable regardless of the reason. But if you're apologizing, it may be best to only apologize, because bringing up your reasoning might just sound like making excuses for yourself or like you're blaming her, which you sound like you are. Like what your response to me sounds like right now. 

I had untreated depression, it doesn't make the things I did okay while I was in pain or make my husband's hurt any less. Saying 'but I did those things because of something you did that hurt me' just sounds like blame. Right now you need to focus on healing your wife's hurt before you can expect her to heal yours.

Yeah, I get you had different views but ultimately, her body is the one carrying the baby. We probably have different views on abortion. However, it doesn't change the fact you're making the abortion more about you than the two of you, or HER. Which is at the very least a huge reason you are in this situation to begin with. 
The problem is that when you are telling someone you're sorry, and then add 'but I did it because of this', it doesn't feel to them like you are truly repentant. It feels more like you're justifying your behavior. Yes, you want her to understand one of the triggers for you. However, it indicates there is a lot more going on with you for you to have that reaction and treat her that way for years. To have those reactions.   


If you're sorry, you're going to have to be sorry and not try to defend yourself while owning up to your behaviors.  


You'll have to be extremely consistent to save your marriage.
Yes, that's a very good point! I totally agree.
Hey OP! Good for you, that's awesome. It's great you're getting out of those unhealthy thinking habits.   


Yeah, it's pretty understandable, since you're in a much better place now and even if you don't remember the rationale, you remember the suffering you experienced with social anxiety. Perhaps you could try just provide emotional support or help teach ways that you achieved getting out of the social anxiety hole to others.
Ehhh, I'm a female and that is so not true, especially as you get older.   


What it comes down to a lot seems to be competence. If you're really good at something (or really really good looking), people will give you more leeway and naturally have more interest. I do agree that it's more difficult for men, due to societal stereotypes and how they're raised. However, it's not as easy as you claim or a cakewalk for women. I actually get the same reaction from people as a female, and I've found that means you're talking to the wrong people. Most importantly, people want to be around others who set goals and achieve them.
Yeah, I thought I got out my bad relationship habits in highschool but over a decade later, I'm facepalming myself still over some of my exes (like omg, how could I let that happen). Therapy is really working wonders for me though, because even if they're just paid to do it, I have at least one person who is being supportive and listening to me.

Even regularly healthy people who enter abusive relationships have difficulty getting out once they're enmeshed inside. You could be doing all the healthy things possible and the abusive person will just use it as ways to entrap you (whether they realize it or not). So don't feel bad about that, it's a very common thing, and you're already ahead of the curve because you're being self-aware!
have you tried the dog park?  


You can let it loose in the small dog section and just go as frequently as you can, regularly, even for just like 30 minutes. I've noticed a lot of dogs at least become more comfortable being around dogs even if they're not pro-actively friendly towards them.  


I understand if that's not an option though, it's tough finding a good park and getting the time/discipline to go to one.
My dog helped me with my social anxiety. Having a dog pushes me to go on walks or go to the dog park, where it's sunny and I'm doing a small form of exercise (walking!) which makes me feel better (serotonin yum). It also gives me an easy thing to talk about with other people. If you go to a nice dog park (caveat: nice... it's weird, I notice the quality of people seems to correlate with the quality of the park) with grass, and hang out there with your puppy, people may come up and talk to you but they're primarily going to talk about dogs. And everyone is very friendly; the ice is broken because everyone there loves dogs. It gives you something to bond over or at least have basic conversation (ask them about their dog, how they trained their dog, how they got their dog, etc).

If you don't want basic conversation, just obviously have headsets in or something and people will leave you alone while you're walking or at the dog park.

Having my dog also helps me when I go to group things where I'm not that liked, because I can just hang out with my furry buddy. I feel calmer when he's around. I also feel more loved.

Since you'll be getting a puppy, you'll have lots of time to bond and play. Take your dog to a training class while it's young, and a dog park, because then it will become well socialized and behaved (also get it around kids). Walk it 2x a day, feed it at regular times 2x a day for whatever exercise requirements it has, and you're golden. You're not only training the dog but the dog is really training you to develop good habits and discipline! As time goes on, you and the dog will bond and love each other, and develop little things between you.

For instance, because even though my dog's not a cuddly guy (he'll come up and lie down against me), if I'm down he'll try to cheer or get me up in various ways. Like I do this thing that annoys him where he'll be all sleepy, and I pick him up to lie him down cheek to cheek with me. His tolerance has gotten higher, and he'll stay for a few seconds before getting off. Lately when I've been really down and I'm in bed, he'll come and flop on me of his own volition like a bribe to get me to feel better.  

Be sure to update us with what happens! Congratulations on your anniversary; this month is our anniversary too. :)  
Reading my previous comment, I'm not sure if what I said was clear. 

Like I said, if you're talking to husbands, then they're speaking to you from their viewpoint as man to man. Which is to try be considerate of their wife's happiness. If they're talking directly to you, they might say 'oh you have to do this and that'... just because they say 'you' doesn't mean it excludes your wife. If you talk to a woman in a happy marriage, she'll say the same thing only instead of wife, she might say 'each other', 'so' or 'husband' (assuming it's a heterosexual marriage).

Marriage is a two way street where you BOTH cater to each other's needs. You do this out of love and faith (I'm not talking about faith in a religious context). You do this because it makes the other person happy, which makes YOU happy, because your lives TOGETHER are happy. And if they're a good partner, they will do their best to cater to your needs too.

My concern is that you are not even married and you are already worried about what will happen if you devote yourself to trying to meet her needs. I don't know where you're getting this advice to 'ignore yourself' from. Just because someone says 'happy wife, happy life' doesn't mean you have to ignore yourself. It's a little concerning that you take 'happy wife, happy life' with that negative angle.

One of the biggest challenges in marriage is learning that your actions can hurt someone or make them feel a certain way. Doesn't matter if you didn't mean for that, or if you were just trying to make a point. You have to learn how to treat each other with respect and communicate in a way that is not hurtful. If you or her were to say to the other, 'hey, when you did this thing, it made me feel like this and really hurt my feelings', then it is on that person to take responsibility for their actions (and as the guy above put it), how their actions affect their partner/marriage instead of getting defensive. It's not about being right, it's about working together as a team and being there for EACH OTHER.

I didn't say you were bitter. I do think however that you're thinking primarily of yourself and how to protect yourself (fear based), rather than thinking as a unit.

You're already worried and caught up in how you're going to 'lose' in a sense and thinking how to protect yourself. What I'm saying is that marriage is going to be harder than it has to be if you start off and go through it thinking like that. Instead of investing more into your marriage as a team, you'll be thinking more tit for tat, and that's not going to go well.
>Don't compare your relationship to someone else’s, Having a successful marriage, starts and ends with holding yourself 100 percent accountable, for your actions and their impact on the marriage. And the keys to knowing how to be a better husband, are to show her empathy.

  
This (not just what I copy pasted, the whole thing) also applies to wives, it's not limited to a single gender or role. It is excellent advice well worded. I try to apply this to myself as much as possible, for my husband. What you are saying is not an absolute and goes both ways, however people can only speak from their point of view so if you're talking to mostly men, then you'll probably hear this quite a bit. I don't know a single women who says their marriage works because 'happy wife happy life'.  


My advice to you is to not start off your marriage bitter or feeling persecuted, but with positivity and giving your partner benefit of the doubt. If you start your marriage with a negative lens, you're not going to build the reserves a marriage needs to stay strong when things get tough.  


Also, please take into consideration the post history of posters you listen to. There are a lot of people who are bitter and carry a disdain for marriage and what it stands for because theirs has effectively failed or they don't like their wife. There are plenty on this sub and after awhile their names are easy to recognize because they're always the ones promoting divorce or how marriage sucks, and talk about wanting affairs.  


Thank you u/3mNilez, I am going to copy paste this advice for myself as it is beautiful.
Thanks for taking the time to give out support and positivity <3  


I hope your life is filled with love and good things!
Really, because what I thought you wrote in your comment about how they should believe her without PI proof, was pointing out the obvious.  My statement was more along the lines of what u/Pinkoveralls said. Which is that it's one thing to know what is an unhealthy behavior, and it's another thing to be able to do something about it or for it to change. Stating that a situation isn't what it should be, isn't really helpful on its own.
Just because people should be a certain way doesn't mean they are or they will act it. Same goes for words. People say stuff all the time but what they do can be completely different.
Hm, my husband is my best friend, and he tells me I'm his all the time. Though sometimes I go 'and also more than best friends, right?' haha. We're definitely each other's best friend.
Lol you got my upvote for hilarity and wit
The therapist may be suggesting you also get individual therapy because relationships habe to have a certain amount of strength to be able to go through with it. It may be entirely possible his therapist doesn't think your husband is ready,  and I'm seeing some flags that make me believe this is quite possible.

If there is abuse in a relationship... if one person is abusive,  then couple's counseling is NOT recommended. It is a big no no. 

At the very least an individual therapist can help you cope and make sense of your situation. 


I'm beginning to think this bordlover guy is just u/oldfashionmarine in disguise. Or maybe I have a hard time accepting that more of these types of people exist and take the time to be so mean and hurtful. So many of his posts are like"divorce!!" And his advice is the most negative out there.

Just like those trolling MGTOWs who have try dump their poison on everyone and don't have the decency to leave everyone else alone. Because they're unhappy,  and trying to believe everything is someone else's fault and they're the best thing that graced this earth.

This guy just seems to want to get into a fight. And it's like... why are you here? What kind of loser do you have to be to dedicate your life to such self absorbed hate and bugging people on the internet about it? Must be lonely af.
Yeah...
People aren't always capable of the things they may want or wish for. Some people may try to work past being cheated on,  but without the perfect blend of perspective,  forgiveness and love,  many can find it a deal breaker because they realize the trust is too shattered. Sometimes the cheater isn't trying hard enough either. Some people lack self awareness. Some circumstances are different from others.


By getting married, your typical monogamous marriage has the expectancy of exclusivity. I wouldn't say it's the cheated on person's fault for not being truly married. Cheating is a severe violation of that type of marriages principles. 
That's a really noble and respectable way of responding to your situation,  OP.  I know people who would try to manipulate or force the situation.

I just wish the world rewarded people like you more. I really hope that you find happiness and healing for your heart through all this.
Errr if you think race doesn't play a factor in people's lives.... white male privilege does exist. Just because the Obamas have reached success -despite- this, doesn't mean that white male privilege isn't a thing. And you hear about all these kinds of issues in the news about black people being unjustly attacked and treated much more harshly than white people. Just on the basis that other races are treated harsher than others, means there is racial privilege.

Gender also plays into things. You hear all the time about how women aren't in the top positions or are getting paid less than their male counterparts. Have you read about the toxicity of Pixar's work culture?

Don't have to be a 'bat shit crazy left' to see these things are real. Sure, just like anything, that term might get tossed around a little too easily, but you can't just downplay/gloss over it either.
Yes, I understand, I was merely addressing your statement. I don't know enough about the situation OP is describing through her knowledge to have an educated opinion on it. I addressed your statement because as much as it is true in most relationships, whether they're healthy or struggling, it is -very- dangerous and not true when applied to abusive ones.
Cheaters often trickle truth as well.
Actually if you read more into toxic/abusive relationships and such, there are situations where more responsibility lies in the destructive partner. It is a common myth to think that in all relationship situations it's two people. There are situations where it really can lie within one person's issues.

Not saying that's the case here. Just that 'always' is far too much generalization, and there is psychology to prove it.

Source: Should I leave or Should I go, by Lundy Bancroft
You may be experiencing something called Traumatic Bonding. It occurs in abusive relationships.

[https://pro.psychcentral.com/recovery-expert/2015/10/what-is-trauma-bonding/](https://pro.psychcentral.com/recovery-expert/2015/10/what-is-trauma-bonding/)
Hmmm perhaps try go to r/weddingplanning , they are really good about answering those questions. They can probably help with the specific wording and such.  


I know a couple who asked specifically for no big gifts as they had to fly back home, and got them anyway. So keep in mind that you're probably still going to get stuff! Another couple I know asked that people just give them gift cards since they were moving to Canada. I don't think it's too rude to ask as long as people know the circumstances.
Weirdly (as much as I wish it was otherwise), I don't think this part is true. I've seen plenty of situations where either gender have no problem still pursuing. For some it can even become a kind of fetish. 

Maybe it is just occasional, just even then it feels like it happens way too much.
I heard bear is tough to eat because of the odor. However, if done right, it can be eaten in lieu of beef it seems?  


Source: a blog post about a man who took home a bunch of bear meat and cooked with it.
Yeah, I can second this experience. People treat you more seriously as a unit and being someone's spouse lends a sense of permanence and importance. You are officially your own little family and a part of each other's family. 

Admittedly, it's a little strange when someone who previously didn't really care to interact or get to know you, suddenly become friendlier. It's like, you didn't care or support me before...

Others may have a different experience but I have found that I feel different by being married as well. There's a wonderful sense of commitment and security.
I believe they make things specifically for this purpose;  you stick it on the side of the tub and smear peanut butter all over it. Supposedly makes it easier to have a spot for your doggy to lick the PB and also to clean up after bathtime!
Upvote to that
Why should any woman have to defend themselves from you? It seems like you just want a fight and to invalidate them. Just like you invalidated the man who tried to answer you.
 If you look at his post history,  he's already frequenting r/MGTOW .  

I've begun to notice that MGTOWs like to come to subs like this to either try provoke people or say rude hurtful things to people struggling.
Thanks for sharing this. I've been wondering why sometimes my husband will accuse my intentions of being the worse thing possible. I often blame it on myself because there was a selfish period I went through while he knew me (not knowing who to date or who to trust), yet I also know he went through an abusive relationship for four years. I've been trying to show him that I mean the best and I love him. Sometimes it's hard having to defuse situations that don't need to be situations if you know what I mean.   


From your perspective if you dont mind me asking, what are things that I could do to help show him that I am trustworthy and not trying to leave or hurt him?
To be honest the time that I gained the most weight was when I was really unhappy, felt friendless, and further isolated myself. I started losing weight when I went decided to go try expand my social circles through any venue possible as well as only store healthy foods in the house (no chips etc)... 

I completely relate to your situation about not wanting to reach out to people because you're uncomfortable about where you are. I've been there. While I agree it's not best to totally unload on people who come newly into your life (whether a first time or again), and that sometimes I just plain don't want to because I'm ashamed or uncomfortable with myself, I have come to learn in my experience that having people in my life to talk to help me pull through. You can take baby steps or go at a pace you're comfortable, it may actually make you feel better than worse to try give the friendship a shot. If you really don't want to though, then that's also okay. Just it might be worth trying, despite how you may feel about yourself right now and your friend's compatibility. 

Like I said, I know the feeling of totally not wanting to and being in that position. The one thing that started to pull me out of it was when a girl at school wanted to be my friend. Friendships are harder to come by as we get older, so people who come to you wanting to be a friend are truly a gift.
Love this post... It was a much needed warming for my heart on a difficult day. Would love to hear more stories about these two! What happened when they first met?
As atheists, we chose to get married because we fell madly in love with each other and wanted to commit. We felt we could be with each other for the rest of our lives because what we experienced with each other was meaningful and different. We're also both more on the romantic and possessive side, so for us it's something we want and take pride in (being married to each other, sharing the same name). The sense of permanency, the ability to say 'this is my husband' and for him to say I'm his wife (he enjoys doing that). Knowing that we want the same thing and we're going to fight like hell to keep it. u/medievaleagle couldn't have worded it more perfectly at the end of her post, because I feel the same way about my husband. 

To quote: "This man is my present and my future, and I choose him everyday."

We're a unit, and we're still learning how to be a unit together. For us, my husband and I, we weren't thinking too much about the legal benefits when we became engaged (we find those to be quite nice and appreciate them a lot though) since we weren't together for that long. We just wanted to be married to each other.
Not really a surprise because my father had a history of cheating on my mom all the time. While they were dating, while she was pregnant...

Found out when my dad finally met a Korean woman who 'took care of him the way he always wanted' (and I'm pretty sure is a former patient of his, if not a current patient at the time they were dating), bullied my mom into signing her half of the house over before asking her for a divorce. Came home one day on holidays and he has a 'surprise' he needs to talk to us about. Turns out he also has a daughter, so I have a little half sibling I am never allowed to meet (my mom has her own issues). 

Jokes on him, the woman got sick of his crap and sued him for a monthly 7k payment for the child and I don't know what else. I'm assuming they're not together anymore because my dad is currently dating his receptionist who is Thai (and who he will tell others is a nurse, when she isn't).
It's probably not worth your time to try figure out why he's like this. While I don't know whether your relationship has gone so far as to be called abusive, they do say that women in abusive relationships will often spend a lot of time trying to figure out why their partner says or does the things they do that are hurtful. And in the end, there's really no point to it, because it comes down to them wanting to control you.  It sounds at the very least that this man is controlling.

They act nice because that's how they keep you hooked. They act nice so you stay, they then act badly, then act nice so you will keep thinking that it's not going to happen again (and you know what happens). It's like a carrot on a stick. A partner should not be dangling what a relationship -should- be in front of you, they should actually give you a relationship where you feel loved and safe.

A person who idealizes you, then cuts you down, is not a healthy person to be with. They want you to be someone they have constructed in their head, instead of loving you as you are. A little idealization is good, but not like this.

I was in a relationship that started off great (honeymoon), although he wasn't really my type. I ended up breaking that off because although he wasn't abusive, he was far too controlling for me. This guy sounds very controlling and selfish, the two things you should definitely look to avoid in a future partner no matter what gender you are (honestly, for myself, I don't even like those qualities in friends). Especially if they are like that in the first few months to a year, because that's the time where people are usually on their best behavior. If this is the best he's got, then it's not going to get better from here. Do your best to set boundaries because that's an important part of getting people to treat you properly as well.
No anal, we're not ready to go there yet (feel there's much more left to explore and enhance still without doing that quite yet). 

He doesn't watch porn.
I would be asking this eventually even if he didn't have this current problem (toys, tools, fun things). I'm pretty sure it's psychological, and the main thing is just making safe a fun, safe and freeing experience. I also just want to add more to our sex life. I understand that by putting these both together in the same post, why you get that idea.

It is mostly him, at the same time, I can still do the most I can, and it's partially me, it's a combination of things.

Lots of physical issues, like I said though I sort of ruled it out because he was like that before and there were no problems. That and a bunch of other things concerning our relationship are factors I'm taking in too, that I'd rather not get into here.

I'm considering editing the post to simply ask for reocmmendations, because like I stated earlier, they are things I would be asking about anyway because 1) Can't orgasm without clitoral stimulation, so would like to get clitoral vibrator that is easy to use during sex (2) Physical problems have led to me feeling loosey goosey, and I'd like to change that with kegel balls (3) Even if our sex life was great, doesn't mean I can't try find ways to make it better.

Thank you for your insight and for reading my post, because yes you are right, the root issue isn't going to be fixed by any of these things. I wrote about that other stuff in case other people had experience with such situations and could possibly contribute advice or anecdotal experience on how to treat it (not necessarily solve it like a magic button, though that would be great... more like how to treat the situation as to try improve it or things that were helpful)
A really good resource book to look into would be 'Why Does He Do That' by Lundy Bancroft. It will give you knowledge to assess your situation as well as valuable advice.   


A friend of mine once told me, "Instead of asking whether he loves you, ask yourself whether he treats you well." Do you feel like you are loved, accepted for who you are, encouraged to grow, and nurtured?   


To be honest with you, this behavior sounds abusive (which is different from having anger management issues).
That sounds so cute! What kind of hamster? Hamster tax!
My previous dog, an elderly Maltese, was quite smart. One testament to his intelligence was when the overnight animal hospital he was staying in gave me a check in call. The caller remarked how smart he was, because they noticed he would only bark when his pad needed changing rather than sleeping in it. Once he barked, and they saw that his space was clean so they were like '???'. They checked him over and found out that his medication needed adjusting (you couldn't tell just by looking at him, they had to do tests and things).

He didn't like it when my roommate yelled at me once during a fight. He would sit in front of me (a tiny 5 pound Maltese) and stare at my roommate, never letting him out of his sight or at his back (he would rotate himself). He stared so hard my roommate felt really bad. Also, my dog was kinda grudgy so he was snubby towards my roommate for awhile after that.

We moved, and I went for a walk in our new city. I said 'time to go home!' and started walking in one direction. My dog refused to move, and insisted I go the opposite way. He actually ended up leading me home haha. 

He also was very good at hiding his pill medications because he'd put them deep under his tongue, hold his mouth shut as tightly as he could, and then wander off behind the nearest piece of furniture to spit it out. As time went on, his technique and follow through became more sophisticated. I warned a vet tech who was going to take him to the back to give him some pills that he's very good and stubborn at hiding medication. She was like 'yeah yeah', didn't really believe me, took him to the back. She came saying 'You were right!! He's really good at that!'

Same dog would also slowly, in a tactical way, try to steal sandwiches off the table. He was toothless, so this was a lot more difficult for him than it was for a normal dog. He would mouth the wrapper and pull it gradually inch closer to him whenever I looked away. It was so incremental, that I didn't notice until I caught him almost getting it off the table at the end. He really liked meatball subway sandwiches.

My current little Papillon is quite brilliant as well. He's young, so he doesn't have the 'cause-and-effect' knowledge my previous dog had quite yet. He's quick and clever though, and quite empathetic. 

Every morning while my dog was still very sleepy, I would take him and flop him onto my chest in a way so that our faces would be touching cheek to cheek. I would hold him for awhile like this. I did this everyday. One day I got very depressed and I didn't get up out of bed. I didn't flop him that morning. The little Papillon tried to grab my fingers to pull me out of bed, and licked my face. When that didn't work, he came over and flopped himself so that his face was against mine the way I did it every morning. He knew I was unwell and he was trying his best to get me up. This was a pretty big deal because while our dog is a velcro dog and enjoys having physical contact, he isn't really 'affectionate' or likes being actively touched. 
To be honest, sometimes I get the sense that men, or people in general, sometimes don't want to examine or admit certain feelings they are having. They may be having these feelings but not willing to acknowledge them, because those feelings make them uncomfortable (either they don't want to admit it, or think of themselves in that way, or they're just subconsciously avoiding it).

No matter how blunt or honest someone may be, no one is perfectly self aware all the time. We all to some degree modify our perspectives on reality to make things easier to bear. And sometimes, as the person on the other side of the situation, we want to believe what they're telling us is true. Because it's what we want to be true, too.  


It sounds like there's baggage there, because he is associating and reacting to so many things concerning her and their relationship ended long ago. The thing that makes me think this  is because he thinks of her whenever he sees his dog, and because he asked you to change a song he associates with her.
Would you say the 23 years of marriage beforehand served as a foundation to help him be strong enough to pull through that dark time for your marriage?
A good course of action to consider is to start couple's therapy for you and your ex, before the resentment gets too deep on either end. Hopefully couple's therapy will help you guys open up, communicate, as well as receive perspective on the situation in a way that allows you two to grow and foster love for each other. It will also give both of you support in moving forward, and sometimes, people will listen to a third party rather than the other person involved in the situation with them. I strongly recommend starting sooner than later, because when resentment roots itself in, it's very hard to get rid of and starts affecting everything. 

I have experience with a similar situation. We thought we could deal with the problem and honestly, waiting so long to start probably made things worse. We love each other, but things are a lot more messy than they need to be.
Other than people getting the wrong idea about me due to me being anxious (thinking I'm weaker, or lesser), I do have one problem I'd like to fix...

When people sincerely apologize to me, I usually don't know what to say so I end up being quiet. And then they probably think I don't care or appreciate their apology (and am therefore a jerk). It's because I do though, that I end up not knowing what to say, because in that moment saying 'I forgive you, thank you' seems incredibly awkward (probably due to a low self esteem sort of thing). Though looking back, that would have been the right thing to say. Now too much time has passed for me to really bring it up again to re-address it.
Haha, I wish I could do that. Where I live though, people would view me as the 'bad one' for doing that, even though people who do that kind of thing deserve to get called out on.
Thank you for going out of your way to suggest these things to me! I'm excited to check those out.  


I've been reading the NYT to start as I find their articles informative and so well written.
Congratulations on your baby!  


Thanks for taking the time to respond. I'm definitely interested in seeing alternative perspectives. 
Can totally relate to people having the wrong (and lesser) impression due to anxiety. The backhanded compliment is a hard one to respond to as well. It's like "Thanks for... not thinking as little of me now?"

Your post also caught my attention because I'm looking to actually expand my scientific and political knowledge.  If you don't mind me asking, would you have any advice on particular websites to look at, or on how you personally continue to expand your own knowledge?  


I'm trying to keep up better with current events for a start in terms of improving my political knowledge, however I know I have a long ways to go.
Hey OP, just wanted to say thank you for your post. As a woman who has dealt with unwanted physical contact from men. It's great how you're being so self-aware and want to be better, and turn your shame into something good. Your post is already a sign of how your mentality has changed and are already better than you were before. 
Thanks for your thoughtful answer. I'm happy for you guys that she got her heart transplant you're working things out so well and are enjoying each other. 
If you don't mind me asking, when you say you faced adversity, was it conflict between the two of you or stressful life situations ? What would you say helped strengthen versus weaken?
Heylo, 

It's great you're being so self-aware (it's not easy) and responsible for your actions, and not justifying your behavior.  Just continue your best to not repeat those actions and be as nice and loving as possible with him, and over time hopefully you will be able to forgive yourself when those actions don't feel like they define you anymore. It's wonderful you recognize the good things in your bf; maybe what will help you feel better is the next time there is a stressful thing going on, you'll do small little sweet things for your bf too (your bf buying the cars is very cute, and it is nice of him to put on the shower head)!

I may not have had the same situation as you, but I do understand and know the feeling of being ashamed by one's previous actions. As well as finding it hard to forgive oneself. It's good too, that you're not brushing things under the rug. Being so self aware gives you the ability to be more thoughtful and nice in the future. 
Thank you for taking the time to read and providing me with a resource. Yes, he matches some, but not all. I believe this behavior is rooted in his unhappiness with our lifestyle and how he feels I do not contribute. there are a lot of things he doesn't match, so in that sense I have some hope. I do not think he is a bad person; maybe to me he becomes a bad person, but I don't think he is one. I have a lot of faults, especially that I am unemployed.

I tried setting a boundary last night; we'll see how it goes today. He was yelling, being scary and accusing me of stuff. I told him I just want to talk calmly and that I do love him, and want to be with him. Then I walked outside for awhile at like 2 am in the morning.
This video is happiness inducing. 

Cockatiels are such wonderful creatures. Thank you for making your cockatiel happy.
While I'm not a strong believer of astrology myself, I do appreciate u/creative_influx for taking the time to read and suggest something they believe may be insightful in some way.
I tried doing one online just noiw. I'm not quite understanding what you want me to see? Thanks for the suggestion though
Aggretsuko! Aggretsuko! Aggretsuko!
this dog is wonderfully, intensely, happy <3
mmm, I mean other than rocking back and forth, what are you supposed to do when you're on all fours though?
Overwatch and Overwatch. I'm Bridgitte in Overwatch.

Anyone who knows how to team up and sidestep me can gank me. That and Pharahs and Junkrat. 

With healing, I am a crowd control god(dess), and your squishies are toast. 
Made my life better: My husband is my best friend. I am so lucky to have such a brilliant, hardworking and talented man to be by my side for the rest of my life. We live a good life, have a beautiful dog, and have a lot of fun whenever we spend time together. Even the mundane things are more enjoyable, and bad experiences become comedy. Smart and sexy as hell.

Benefited me: He teaches me things, he's smart so I'm always curious as to what he's learning or reading etc. Sharing of knowledge. Extremely excellent cuddler. Shows me there is good in the world by being that good in the world.
Ni no Kuni.

Came back in the middle of the game and just kept dying over and over because I couldn't remember how to do the controls well enough, and at some point had to throw the towel in.
Yesterday my husband kept saying what a nice day it was, and kept telling me 'I love you' many times. We've been through a lot, yet through it all we always call each other our best friend. We love our dog, who we make up stories and names for. We also make up projects with him in it.

I plan to start leaving little love notes in his work lunches like I used to.
I really have no loopholes around this one. Unless they'll let me get away with bread that is shaped like a cat instead of.. you know... bread made of cats...
My husband. As he is, I already adore.
Hello. I'm so incredibly sorry for your loss, your pain, your anguish. 

The loss of feeling in parts of your body is a common symptom of people who have undergone trauma and ptsd. What you may be experiencing is not only grief but ptsd from the horrific and sudden loss of your most beloved attachment figure. When the person we are most attached to is ripped away from us, it is not only psychological but physiological; we feel like we are dying. 

A lot of people here recommend EMDR, which is something I am personally going to therapy for and am only just beginning. There is a book that I think may be able to help you feel less alone and understand a little of what's happening to you, as well as show you that there is a light at the end of the tunnel; and most importantly, show you how it is so important to have compassion and love for yourself through this difficult time. 

The book is called "The Body Keeps the Score: Brain, Mind, and Body in the Healing of Trauma" by Bessel van der Kolk. In there are many people's stories and so many insights. Near the end of the book he talks about how these people found solutions, one of which is EMDR which he praises greatly. There is one woman's story that I was reminded of when I read your post, and she was able to heal through EMDR (although like others say, some things work in greater efficiency than others). That's what I mean by the light at the end of the tunnel; that others have found a way out of their whirlpool of pain and that it's possible for you to, too.

You say you do not have much money right now and are saving up for a counselor, so I hope that perhaps at least this book can provide knowledge and comfort for you in this time as you also say you are a book loving cat lady. Like the many other people here, when you seek a counselor, I hope you look for one that is specialized in trauma, ptsd, emdr, and the other categories that people have mentioned because what you are experiencing goes far beyond grief.

I may an internet stranger but please consider me one of those people you can message, even if it's just to vocalize those thoughts, have someone to listen, or have someone who will respond and help you through those thoughts. I am not a professional but at the very least I can give companionship and encouragement.
Wow, good job on your regime! I would say so, yes. :)

Mind if I ask you about your regime?
Your makeup looks great! Your skin looks like it has a beautiful glow to it, and I love the pretty eyeshadow color.
Heylo! A lot of people made good suggestions, I hope mine will be of use to you. 

 One thing I suggest researching is baking, because baking is relatively easy; you prep the ingredients then pop it in the oven, and can easily clean up using aluminum foil. You can also make things in big batches that allow you to save for future meals or have leftovers (quiches, chicken, casseroles) and it's really easy to make tasty vegetable sides as well (olive oil, salt and pepper). The foods you can make through baking are also delicious so it's a nice return for not too much effort. 

Like others said, it can also be a fun thing to do with your SO and build fun memories!

Psychologically, cooking/baking can also be really rewarding when you find out you can make some delicious things for a fraction of the price that you pay out at restaurants (such as bone marrow, an appetizer that easily runs 20 bucks when I can get many more bones for that price and cook it in literally 15 minutes; not only is it cheaper, but in my experience, you get a ton more marrow too. And no, I don't live on a farm, I live in SoCal). 
We ourselves are located in LA but our actual wedding will be taking place in Oak Glen, CA  :)
My fiance loves his ring so much! He says he always wants to wear it, and by that he really meant always... As in, in the shower, while we sleep, wherever and whatever. As a joke we'll check each others hands to see how "married" we are, haha!
Thank you for your informative reply! I'm all amped up to try now. If you have a website or anything, I'd love to follow your work. :)
Those are so cute! You're really good, do you often make things like this? :D

If you don't mind me asking, how did you make them? Was it by needle felting? My fiance and I want to make our own cake toppers with our critters as inspiration, and your cake toppers have that charm and aesthetic I'm hoping for!

