I don’t know anything about fashion week either, but this does not sound legit at all. 

Tell her not to pay anyone any money for anything.
You know you did the right thing in breaking up with him. He wasn’t being a good partner to you. 

You seem to think him going to therapy has somehow made whatever intimacy issues he has disappear. That’s probably not the case. He may be having sex with whoever the new guy is, but will it continue? You had no issue in the beginning also. He may get this guy, get comfortable and stop having sex with him too. 

I’m not so sure that being in contact with him is good for you. You’re having a really hard time getting over him, but really you shouldn’t be. You have so much going on in your life, you’re successful, good looking, have new friends, basically you’re a catch!  

Speaking with someone is good, it might help you re think what exactly you are so upset about losing. 

Maybe instead of being sad about him or what he’s doing, start being mad- mad that he refused to be a good partner and put in the work that needed to be done. Mad that he robbed you of 6 years that you could have spent building a life with someone who values and appreciates you. 

You’re not broken, maybe a little bent, but bendy things bounce back and you will too.
No. 

She says she doesn’t want to block ppl from the past and it’s toxic and you’re stronger than that - but he was already blocked until now. So why did she unblock him now?

Somethings not right. I hate saying it, but is she lining him up for when she gets rid of you? How long are you married? Is everything ok? 

I don’t know what you should do because if she shows you that she blocks him, she’ll just unblock him when you don’t know.
If you truly think you’re heading for a divorce instead of getting back together, 

Then start divorcing him. That way there’s no way he can get citizenship, even without your documents, if you’re no longer married. 
And tell your fam what’s going on so they don’t help him.
I have 3 kids and am 1 of 6 siblings. 

Might have been ok to have 4, I always thought of it like this- between both parents we have 4 hands, so we can hold hands with 4 kids. 

But no way in hell would I have gone past that. There is no way to really give any substantive time, energy or affection to a dozen kids.
While I agree with you, the diff is the friends wife specifically made sure that OP was not invited to their wedding, even tho friend wanted to invite her. 

I wouldn’t invite her either. And friend can decide if he wants to come solo.
It’s also good for your liver. Cleans it out or something. 

We always have it in our house. Use it on beef or cocktail sauce.
Honestly, you really couldn’t afford to go, and then you wanted to be there for a whole week. 

You should have gone the day before the party and left the day after. You would have seen everyone at the party.
This is the third time I’ve seen this same  post. 
And the second time you left out running into the nearest store and not coming out. 

You’re not getting whatever answer you want so you keep trying. 

Ok, here’s the answer you want-

He’s a fool to have ever stopped wanting to date you. You are just the most amazing woman on the planet and how he didn’t see it is a mystery to all of us. Because we can tell with your obsessive need to harp on this one date and why he didn’t want you that you would make an absolute splendid partner. If he would only see that all would be right with the world.   /s- if you couldn’t tell. 

There, happy? You got the affirmation you so longingly hoped for. 

Please get some help!
Based on your post, N T A. BUT-you don’t say how old both are or how long you’re dating. I’m gonna need that to try to figure out why this whole situation is bizarre. 

The way you word it, we’re your parents out of town or something? 

These are things you sit down with your parents and discuss

- Your bf asked permission to ask you, I’m gonna guess your dad didn’t say he wanted him and your mom to be there? Not that I think bf should have done that,  but he could have had that convo with your dad at that time. 

- he’s not affectionate enough, but they forbid that 

- what exactly is it about him that they do not like. 

- what are they seeing that makes them think you’ll be disrespected if you marry him. 

- what signals is dad seeing that you don’t 

Or, you know, you can be happy you’ll be away from these crazy people once you marry.
NTA

Why do I think your bro purposely either didn’t tell fiancé you couldn’t make that date, or picked that date just to screw with you. 

I’m sure by now his fiancé knows about the conflict, so what does she have to say about it? And how is it that nobody ever mentioned to her that date is off limits? Does she never see your family? Does she never talk wedding things with your mom? 

I’d go to the friends wedding. Your bro’s was planned after and you’re a groomsman. 

The mere fact that her dad called your mom about this is staggering to me. 
Who is he to get involved? Is his d so upset that her future bil can’t attend? 
Weird.
Just tell him to open his own investment acct. 

Most people don’t really share an investment acct.
What’s wrong with just not having sex with her until she is more secure that this is going somewhere. 

It’s only been a few weeks. If you like her, you wait. 

If she doesn’t want to, respect that and drop it. 
And if you really can’t date her without sex, then be honest with her and tell her that.
Our rule of thumb was 1 sport per season and 1 non sport. 

We had 3 kids so if a sport had 2 practices a week and 1 game, that was 9 places we had to be every week. Plus 3 more for the non sport. 

The non sport thing was usually once per week, but that depends on what they do. 

As they get older some non sports become more frequent, dance, gymnastics,  and if they play a sport on a hs team that’s every day plus a game. 
But it’s not that bad because they go right from school, so it’s just a later pick up. 

I was realistic about activities with the kids, unless they showed an absolute talent for an activity, there were no private lessons, no travel teams. 

I knew parents that had their grade schoolers in private sport lessons or dance classes 3X a week. 
they got bored at some point and quit. And this is a very small sample size but I can recall 2 kids who actually played semi professionally ( and one didn’t even start till HS) 

So, encourage what they want to try, but don’t make their schedule rule the household. 

Just my very personal opinion.
And you just lay there while he’s getting off?  I’d be up in a flash and there would be a reckoning!  He really can’t disrespect you anymore by doing that. 
JFC say something!

Idk about others but it’s my experience that long term couples do not stop having sex because of weight gain, especially if both people have gained some. ( I’m talking nominal amounts of weight, not excessive). 

Snapping his fingers and pointing at his dick would get him a kick in the balls. 

Anything having to do with ig, I can’t comment on as I or my partner do not use any sm that involves following sex workers. 

For me, all of the above adds up to breaking up. I refuse to be in a sexless, disrespectful relationship. 

You should rethink your self worth and decide if this is what you deserve. And I really hope you come to the only decision it can be.
ESH

While I understand just how upset your wife was and not being able to reach you when there’s an emergency just compounds the worry, ( been there, 8 mo pregnant, done that). 

The thing is, she knows your phone gets locked up, so calling it would do absolutely no good. 

If you’re ok, you don’t have it with you to answer it. 
And if you’re not ok, you wouldn’t be answering your phone anyway. 

So either scenario, is not going to get her the answers that she needed anyway. 

Yelling at her isn’t going to help the situation.  But getting written up when this was an extenuating circumstance is pretty crappy of your job. Did you explain to your boss about the D D and the override and just how worried your wife was? 

I’d suggest you give her the number to an office where she can actually speak to someone, in case there is an actual emergency.  Like if a family members is taken to the hospital - not to ask you to bring home milk.
Hotspur’s advice of approaching this talk as coming from a place of love is the way to go. 

Stress that it really has nothing to do with Matt and how you feel or not about him, it’s more about how you feel and care about your friend. 

Best of luck.
But she doesn’t own half. 

They’re not married so assets won’t pass to her if he dies, and her name is on nothing.
The biggest problem in all this is that at the time you purchased homes 2&3, you didn’t insist that your name be put on the deed. 

It doesn’t matter who put the money toward the down payments, who pays the bills or any other thing. 

Your name is not in the deed therefore if you two split up, he is sole owner of all those properties. 

Idk if by not putting your name on the deed was due to you having a lower credit score which would make getting a mortgage together harder or you’d get a worse rate, or if it was your reasoning if scamming the gov’t? Idk how that even works to be honest. 

But for whatever reason, if you think you should be a legal half owner of these properties the only way is to have your name added to the deed.

If you’re counting on him to put it in his will that you get all his assets if/ when he passes then you can do that, but I’m pretty sure if he passes as it is right now, his assets will go to his next of kin and that is not you. 

You were very shortsighted when it came to protecting yourself. Not that I blame you being how long term you two are, but if I was you I’d get all the papers that I need to add my name to the deed, of at least one home, bring it to him and fight with him ( cause it will be a fight) to sign it and then get it filed. 

I’ll just add he’s a pretty crappy partner in that he doesn’t have care in the world that you will be left homeless if something were to happen to him.
You are being a hypocrite. 

He can do PlayStation and play games which they talk to each other while playing, but you won’t let him just plain talk to his friends. 

Lighten up. If you must keep your insane amount of control then make his down time from midnight to 8 am. 

What do you expect him to do after 9 pm in the summer? You’re treating him like a grade schooler.
I agree with everything hotspurjr said. 

It is possible that since they’ve been together for so long that your friend just doesn’t see a way out. 

He may be unhappy but not know what else to do. He may be ok with his life, but you won’t know that until you talk with him. 

If you can do it, offer him a place to stay. Somewhere he can get a better perspective on what his life has become. 

Please talk to him.
I think you should sub for a year or so before you go back to school. 

Make sure you actually like it. 

I went back to school later than you and I got my degree in education, I wanted to be a middle school science teacher, loved the material. 

My last year of schooling was my student teaching year - I came home crying more days than not. It was absolutely horrible. 

And I never worked as a full time teacher.
She’s not wrong for asking, but her timing could have been better. It’s not like you just met. 

If aren’t comfortable with being with someone with a high count, or a low count or any count, then you find that out before you’re engaged in what could lead to adding to their body count. 

Maybe this time things progressed faster and further and she wasn’t expecting it to go as far and never got around to asking before?
Sorry I think I did wrong. That’s federal maybe. 

So I just looked at my nj 1040.

If you have to pay send it here

NJ division of taxation
Revenue processing center
PI Box 111
Trenton, NJ 08645-0111

Include San and make check payable to state of nj - TGI


If you do not owe send here:
Nj dept of taxation
Revenue processing center
PO Box 555
Trenton nj 08647-0555

Took a pic but it didn’t copy.
Here you go. 

https://www.irs.gov/filing/new-jersey-where-to-file-addresses-for-taxpayers-and-tax-professionals
Yeah but my kids have friends I’ve known for years, but mainly from the occasional time they come over, hearing about them over the years, but I’m not sure if I’d want to vacation  with them. 

I think that’s what they’re saying. They don’t really *know* this guy. 

If this guy hasn’t hung out with the family for any amount of time, you really never know if everyone gets along or not. That would suck to find out on a vacation.
Don’t answer any requests from people you don’t know. 
Ir set your acct private. 

Idk ig, so is that even possible?

Ignore, ignore ignore.
If you blocked them everywhere how are they reaching out to you?
Does she have any friends to talk to?

Maybe she wants to talk about you, so 
she can’t talk to you about you. 

Is there anything new happening in her life that would bother her?  Is she going off to college in the fall? ( if in the US) maybe she’s afraid being apart, or maybe she wants to break up and be single in college. 

Or she’s just looking for attention. 

Ask her if it’s any of those things. But I’d tell her she looks pathetic posting things like that.
NTA
 You’ve let your bro decide the relationships you have had with family members for the last 4 years.  It’s time to take back the ones you can salvage. 

But I’d leave your wife home. She doesn’t deserve the vitriol. 

And can I just say, for a person who is “anti-mental illness” he sure seems like he’s a candidate for intense therapy. 

What is it about your wife that he hates with such an intensity?  Does or did her OCD impact him in any way when you were all living together? 
I’m missing what she could have done that just the sight of her has him going into a tantrum.
Are you sure you’re the only one she’s seeing? You barely see this woman. 

It’s been 6 months, you see her once a week, she ignores your texts, and your intimacy is close to none. 

What exactly are you getting out of this relationship? She may be a great woman, but it feels like you’re more just friends. 

You need to have an open and honest conversation about all of these things and whatever else is bothering you. 

It’s great you like her enough to give her time to work on her issues, but how much time are you willing to wait? 

You two should be growing closer but it seems like you’re at the same place you were when you first started dating. 

The only part I can’t figure out is why she would talk of a future, when she barely sees you.
I wouldn’t be staying at her place the majority of the nights and I absolutely wouldn’t be moving in after 6 months. 
You have a place, use it.  Don’t you just ever want to have time to yourself?

Come on, give the relationship some time and space. Stop playing house after such a short amount of time. 

If it’s meant to be, it’ll still be there in another 6 months or a year. And if it’s not, then you saved yourself some angst. 

Idk what’s going on with her searches, it could be as simple as she just wants to see who they moved on to, or just curiosity what they’re up to. - but my advice still stands, slow it way down.
Why did she put her clothes outside of the bedroom? 
Is this the norm? Do you also leave your clothes outside the bedroom?
I want to say this cannot actually be real, as I can’t imagine you could have failed your d over and over again. 

YTA

In what universe does a woman not immediately throw the pervy disgusting man out of the house the second he gets done saying he’s attracted to your d? 

This cannot possibly be someone you want to continue to be married to. 

You’re trying to fix the wrong things. But it seems you’ve been doing that for the whole of your D’s life. 

Your first marriage was so bad that your d has developed mental health issues from it. 
- you stayed too long with a man who was no good for you and your d. 

Your d is being bullied yet you once again made the wrong decision on how to handle that situation. Take a shower? That’s the absolute best you could do mom? 

Oh I’m sorry, I see you were too busy trying to salvage a horrible marriage /s

Then you marry yet another man who is creeping on your d and once again, you made the wrong decision. 

Here’s a tip- your marriage is not a healthy one. 

Is it any wonder that your d disassociates?  She’s trying to block out you! 
She’s an introvert- of course she is, she stays to herself because she knows she literally has no one to support her. 
So your solution to that is to put her out of the house. How in the world do you think that is going to help her? 

Since you don’t know what to do, I’ll tell you-

- kick the H out
- have d live with her dad
- leave your d alone, you’ve done enough “fixing”. 
- get into therapy to figure out why you are possibly the most self centered, selfish and mean mother to your d
- explore in therapy why you choose absolutely horrible men. 
- get your d into therapy so she can heal the wounds you left her with.
Somethings odd here. If your friend group is all marrying at such a young age, why is that?  

Is it a religion thing? Because I cannot even imagine how or why your friends think it’s a good idea to marry while still in school. 

You need to be up front and tell your gf that there is no way you’re going to propose until your’e done with school and have a steady job. You have told her that before and you haven’t changed your stance in this. 

If that doesn’t work for her, then as much as it would hurt, you will let her go to find someone who wants to marry on her timeline.
It’s impossible to think that you aren’t doing anything that bothers him or annoys him.  ( not a knock at you, but nobody’s perfect )
But maybe it’s just not that big of a deal to him at the time. He gets a bit annoyed, not enough to mention it, he takes it in stride and moves on. 

So maybe the things that you bring up, he feels are just not that big or important enough that it should bother you as much as it does. You can of course feel the way you feel. 

Idk if that’s the case, but maybe think about the things that you’ve fought about and ask him if that’s the case. 

Ask him what are the things he gets annoyed about with you that he doesn’t bother saying anything about. 

He might just be a real laid back, doesn’t sweat the small stuff kind of guy.
YTA

Did you ever think that Jacob was a bit freaked out and got quiet when your answer meant that *you* were the cheater since he knows your stance on cheating? 

Since he thought you and Nick were dating, then why were you the one cheating? In his mind.
ESH

You because you didn’t know what to say to her? How about be honest, she’s nice, you’re enjoying spending time with her but kids are a dealbreaker for you. So let’s not waste both our time. 
 just as casually as she mentioned having a child, you could have just countered with you being sure that you don’t want kids and that it’s unfair to both of you to continue this as a romantic thing. 


Her for waiting weeks to let you know about her child. 
She should def be more upfront with that info. Either a guy won’t care and continue dating to see how it goes, or she won’t waste her time with guys who are opposed to kids. What would she do if she finds a guy she really likes, and he isn’t ok with kids? She’s setting herself up for hurt. 

I agree she needs a man who will love her and her child, but she has to weed out the ones that don’t want kids first.
How in 11 years do you still not know his exact views on marriage?

That’s a conversation you have to have. 

if he says he doesn’t want marriage then you go your separate ways and find someone who does. 

If he says he believes in marriage but never got around to it mainly because you haven’t talked about it, didn’t push the issue, etc. then you tell him to get a ring and you’re planning a wedding. 

Stop sitting around waiting for things that you don’t express you want.
If your ex was in the bed with them what does she say about it?

Did you tell your ex what your D said about the tickling?

I’d tell my d that if anything makes her uncomfortable that she yell and scream her little head off. If she kicked up a big enough fuss, mom wakes up and sees what’s going on. 

I’d call my lawyer and ask what can be done. Can you change your agreement that d is never to sleep over?

This creeps me out.
He wouldn’t come. His wife won’t let him. 

He’s got to forget his other family. Hers is the only one that matters. 

I sure hope your aunt and grands know all about what his wife said to you. 

Tell his side that they can tell him all about the party. And to do it in person. And to watch carefully to the wife’s reaction at the mention of your name. 

That’ll be all the proof they need that your dad is well and good out of your life and why.
The thing is, you just don’t like him. 
Not you don’t like the father he is, you don’t like him as a person. 

If you met him ( and he wasn’t your dad) would you want to be friends with him?  Because once we’re all adults, it’s less about being parent/child and more about being friends. Of course parents still think of their kids as kids and kids think of parents as parents) but it’s a more level relationship. 

He came back when you were a young adult, on some level you wanted, needed him to be the dad that you somewhere in your head had an idealized version of. It’s just taken you a bit longer to realize he is never going to be that person. 

You also have some unresolved feeling of something, not really toward your half bro, but toward your dad for favoring him. but it still hurts. And it hurts on a deep level that you probably buried so as to not rock the boat when he came back into your life. 

So you have to decide if you can accept him warts and all, or if you genuinely just don’t like him as a person enough to cut contact. There’s nothing wrong with either decision. You’ve made a good life for yourself despite his non support, and you’ll continue to do so. 

It’s not an easy decision, I wish you peace with whatever you choose.
That’s crazy!  At least you can escape to the other room.
What is the temp outside? 

Do you at least have a fan. I always feel better if a fan is blowing on me.
Basically the games are exactly the same. Minor leaguers are farm teams for the majors, so there’s talent there. Minor leagues are smaller stadiums so less people and they sometimes do some fun stuff between innings. 

There’s no major league team in NJ. 

You’d have to travel to the Bronx in ny for a Yankees game or queens in ny for a Mets game. Both sort of far from Jersey. 

I’d suggest if you’re in south Jersey for anything else to maybe check out a Philadelphia Phillies game. Nicer ride to get there and nicer neighborhood. I think there’s a train there too, but I don’t know enough about it. 

And if you go you must eat a Philly cheesesteak.
Atlantic City is fun, beach, boardwalk, casinos. 

asbury park is cool to walk around and there’s usually some kind of concert going on. 

Tour the battleship nj. 

https://www.battleshipnewjersey.org/

The pinelands might be interesting

https://www.pinelandsadventures.org/

Take in a minor League baseball game,
The Jersey shore blue claws.  

https://www.milb.com/jersey-shore
You two are so perfectly matched and I don’t mean in a good way. I’ll leave it at that. 

But I would have serious reservations that a person who claims to love me could be *that* cruel. 

This woman was a huge part of your bf’s life for a long time and he at one time loved her too, don’t forget that part. 

Idc what she did back when you were only dating for 6 months. She showed up where you were and yelled at you? Boo Hoo. Had her friends be mean to you on SM? Aw, you must have been traumatized. 
But she was a young woman scared and wanting to be with the person she loved to help alleviate some of her fears. Do I think he should have went back to her? No. But a little empathy goes a long way. His callousness is just to great for me to ever overlook. 

I don’t think she caused you or your bf any irreparable harm that you or him should have demonize her to the extent you both did. 

And even years later this guy has absolutely zero feelings, even if not for her personally, but for the knowledge that the person he onced love is dying, and his only reply is basically I don’t care shows his true character. 

 I wouldn’t want to be you if you two have a really bad break up. He has shown you that once he’s done, he’s done. And he’ll go scorched earth on anyone. He did it to her and he’ll do it to you too.
Since you agree he needs professional help, why don’t you suggest you will go with him -  not to a session, but more to interview the therapists. 
I’m sure the therapist would agree to this if you explain he had a bad time last time and is therapy shy because of it so you’re trying to help him see they aren’t all terrible. 

If you can get him started on that road, you and him might feel better about him living on his own.
NTA

Do what’s best for your family, meaning wife and kids. 

Your bro owns a house he’s not using. He can go live there. You are not responsible for taking care of a grown man. 

If your mom is so worried she can become his roommate.
If you consider gambling your job then you are a professional gambler.
She likes you but doesn’t want anyone to know if you date. She’s doesn’t want to be your wife. 

Men get better looking with age, yet you don’t think you’re good looking. 

You’re talking about wifey material ( which is kind of gross) but you want to have a wild phase? Who thinks like that? If it happens, it happens. I doubt most people plan that out. 
So you just want her to be the start of your wild phase?  

You admit to not being mature enough for a relationship, so save the people you are even thinking of dating or having a situationship the trouble. 

She works for your dad, if this goes sideways it’s gonna get ugly for you, her and your dad. 

This is a disaster waiting to happen.
ESH. just cause you’re both too stubborn. 

I’m sorry but this made me laugh. 

This is such a silly thing to argue about. 
If that’s the worst it is in your marriage, consider yourself lucky. 

Does it really matter why he doesn’t like you smelling of old spice? I think you’re looking too much into that. 

It is possible that your body chemistry just doesn’t go with the old spice smell. Like how some perfumes just smell awful on some people. 

Go back to your own products and move on.
What I replied to was the assertion that “  Nobody loved the kid enough to set up a college fund”. 
That’s unfair to a lot of parents who don’t have the means

I pointed out just my thoughts in regard to that one statement. 

It has nothing to do with should she pay or not.
You should try moisture wicking underwear.
That’s kind of unfair no?

Do you also feel that low income parents don’t love their kids if they can’t afford college?

How about single parent households where dad or mom skipped out?

How about families where one parent has died and the surviving one is just making ends meet. 

Loving your kid is not dependent on whether you have the means to set up a college fund or outright pay for college.
NTA

Dad paying his support all these years has nothing to do with paying for college. They are 2 separate things. 

Unless his divorce says he has to pay his half, which I doubt because mom wouldn’t be telling son dad has to pay all of it, if she knows legally he’s on the hook for half, because then so is she. 

Interesting that kid isn’t the least bit pissed at his mom for not having the money for college. No threatening to not talk to mom anymore. It’s just dad he seems to think has to fund this endeavor. 

For all those saying dad should have been saving for college, nobody mentioned that it seems mom isn’t saving either, if by age 8 she told the kid to tell that dad had to pay. 

Dad is not obligated to pay, - did we forget that there are lots and lots of families that haven’t saved any money for college, no one is demonizing them, yet because sm makes, apparently, good money, she’s obligated? For the sole reason that she married the dad. 

Dad can continue his support amount for the 4 years that kid is in college, but that still isn’t going to totally fund the college bill. 

There’s also no indication that dad and sm aren’t going to provide info for FAFSA, so until that comes out, it’s also a non issue. 

What OP is saying, and I agree with her, is that once the kid has gone thru the college app process, and fafsa forms, and any scholarships the kid might get, she’s not paying the bill for his college. 
And she shouldn’t have to. It doesn’t seem like her husband is the one pressuring her to do it, it’s just the SS, who she is not obligated to. 

If kid wants to cut dad off over this that’s his choice, but you still can’t blood from a stone. If dad doesn’t have it, he just doesn’t have it. 

Can I just point out also that the expected family contribution that you get after fafsa does all its calculations is wildly inaccurate. ( at least for my 3 kids). 

I don’t remember the exact numbers, but I remember thinking there’s no way we have an extra whatever the number was, it was in the multiple 10’s of thousands.
I agree with you only on some of these points. But I think OP should reply back and start a dialogue. 

While I understand the anger of the son thru and after the divorce, and the OP tried everything he could to see his son until he was so beat down that he stopped. 

At some point he had to get on with his life. And at that time he knew his son hated him and never wanted to see him. 

I think he should meet up with the son to see just what he has to say for himself. There are a lot of years that the son could have reached out and he didn’t. 

He may be feeling guilt over that or maybe becoming a dad has made him realize the love that a father has for his kids and that his dad did actually love him.
I’d want to know if the son actually realizes just how badly he hurt OP. 

My biggest fear for OP would be that he and his son get back in contact, and the OP isn’t this idealized version of the dad that the son wants him to be. 

When we grow up with our parents we see them and know their morals, values, ideas on life. Their sense of humor, their politics, their faults and strengths. And we accept them because all these things we have seen day in and day out and we’re used to them. I’m afraid that the son will find his dad lacking in some way and reject him again.  

I’m not sure OP will be able to come back from that a second time.
Or we can look at is as trying to be a bit more equitable to your partner of two years. Who you would assume you love, since you’re moving your relationship forward. 

But I guess I’m an outlier in that thinking. 

Gonna have to work on my me first attitude. 

Maybe she should start charging him for all the house chores and cooking she does. 
Since just because she has sex with him doesn’t mean he’s entitled to her labor. 

It’s either a true partnership or it’s not.
Slightly ESH

What is it about weddings that make people literally lose their common sense, civility and decency?  

I have never in my life heard of getting a dress approved. 

For most normal weddings, everyone is told the bridal party color and people just stay away from that. 

In this instance, I would have stayed well clear of any shade of green. 
So that’s your ah part. 

Your brother is the biggest slight ah for going off on you. You said you’d return the dresses, that should have been the end of it. 
And to say that you bought the same exact dress they did for their d is absurd - what are the actual chances of that unless there is literally only one store that you all have to shop at. And if by some weird stroke of fate, that is what happened, you didn’t fight about it, you just said you’d change dresses. It’s not that big of a deal. 

But then he brought your mom into it. If he has a problem with her dress he should address it with her. 
And then he got mean toward you with the name calling. 

Your mom is slightly the ah for buying a dress with green in it, even if it’s floral. 
There are a million other colors and patterns to choose, why that? She should just get a diff dress because as I said, steer clear of any shade of green. 

This wedding is a nightmare. Stop asking about it. Pretend like it’s a distant cousins event and just show up.
Have you asked him if he is going to use that money toward rent and bills? Explain that that’s what that money is meant for, that you don’t mind sharing that expense but you can’t do a 50/50 split because you don’t make as much money. 
Suggest splitting your mutual bills by % of what each earn. 
And any money you each have left over is your own.  

You live together, you both go to school and both work, but you do all the household chores? Why?  That’s something you might want to revise also. Otherwise you can go back to however you were living before you moved in, since you had to have been able to afford that. 

Stop being  taken advantage of as far as the chores. And figure out a mutual agreed fair way of splitting bills.
Stop wasting your time. You haven’t seen her in years and she’s dodging you at every turn.
How old are you? 

If you are of age where you can work, then get a job. 

Some people have a job as a teen and are able to at least put some money away, but many work while still going to school and use that money as their spending money and save nothing. 

Then we graduate HS and if we’re not going to college we get a job. 

I’m not sure what your problem is with your parents not leaving you any money. Are you saying they are both now gone and didn’t have any money to leave you? In that case you should have known this would happen as you would have seen them struggle to make ends meet. 

If they did have money and didn’t leave any to you, and left it to others or charity, then you should also have some idea why they did that too. 

I’m gonna need a lot more info to determine if you never worked and lived off your parents. Or whatever is going on.
It’s only been 4 months.  Look at this objectively. 

He’s telling you he thinks he’s incapable of taking care of a child. 

Think about that- 
you may want to pretend that he’s going to get all his issues straightened out and be able to be a participating dad, but he’s 29, he’s been dealing with his issues probably most of his adult life. He knows what he can and can’t handle. Believe him. 

And you think you’ll be ok with raising this child with minimal help from him? But it won’t just be the child, you’ll have a disabled partner too. 
And you say you’re disabled also? 
( ofc I have no idea what either of your limitations are, but you did lead with that)

This is not a good long term scenario for either of you.
 NTA

I have no problem with him paying rent, however I do think you should lower it. 

It’s usually recommended to pay no more than 1/3 of your take home pay on rent. 

Now I realize rent everywhere is so overpriced at this time, but I think if you want him to be able to stay sober you need to help alleviate just a little of the stress that might drive him back to drink.  

If he doesn’t have money stress, and can actually save some money that could be a big thing. 

Just some food for thought. 

But also, can you just give the kid some credit for staying sober for a whole year. You say you’re not proud of him, but just you saying it will go a long way. 
He needs support and to feel like what he’s doing now is a good thing. Don’t withhold kind words, he’s sober but probably dealing with his MH issues still.
I think you’d be better off not online dating. 

Girls and guys are going to pass right by anyone who is heavier just based on that. (Don’t you know everyone is a 10 and deserves a 10?) 

Your best bet is to join a club, volunteer,  go out with friends and meet people. Check out meetup, it’s an online thing where people post meet ups for a specific thing. Could be a sport, a lunch or brunch, lectures, etc. 
I def agree your weight will be less an issue once girls get to know you. 

And once you find one, don’t try to keep her by spending on her. That will lead to you getting hurt.
There’s not a lot of strategy when you think about it. 

The only thing I’d say is if you can afford it, don’t play the minimum. But that doesn’t mean you have to play max either. I switch up but I always do 3 or 4 spins at a higher price than the minimum. Then move down, and then up maybe. If I play 10 or 15 spins and win nothing, I move. 

Everyone has their faves, so here’s mine:
Lightning links. It’s a multi denomination, with a min .50. I usually play .02 or .05 denom with a total bet of 2.50 or $5. 

Heavenly treasure is fun because you sometimes get a random bonus. But that max is like $8 or something, so I go somewhere in the middle. I won’t win huge, but I’m ok with that. 

Game of thrones for $3 is fun if you get a bonus. 

88 fortunes diamond is another fave. 
If you get a winning hand with a diamond in the middle row, the diamond grows and multiples the win. 

Just walk around and choose whatever looks fun to you.  Good luck. 

I hate days when it seems like all I do is lose. And then I come upon something new and I live to play another day !
Slight YTA

we married 34 years ago, and I actually thought we got a good deal. 
But when I talk to my 20 something kids whose friends are getting married, there is no way we could have afforded our wedding. And it was not extravagant by any means. 
So I think you ( and I) just haven’t been exposed to what things cost in the realm of weddings. An example, the average price where we live, per person for a sit down dinner at a venue is $125!  Yes, I was shocked too. 

And I’m pretty sure there is no haggling to be had. The price is the price. Photographers, florists and decorators do this for a living. They are professionals, not people just doing it for extra cash. 

So tell your son you had no idea how expensive things have gotten and you didn’t mean to insult him and he’s not spoiled. 
And maybe give him another $5,000.
Condolences to you and your daughter. 

I’d caution you to not rush into anything. 

It has only been 6 months. I know everyone grieves differently, but I can’t imagine that your d is ready to have you dating. And you should be sure that you are ready too. 

It’s perfectly normal to be lonely after losing a spouse, but you need to make sure you have processed your wife’s death or you will not be a good partner to someone else. No woman wants to be a substitute for a dead woman.
NTA

It was about time someone had the guts to actually tell her what everyone else has known for a while. 

 She’s only 21, so she has time to get her life straightened out. Obviously she has addiction issues, but I don’t know why people are jumping to MH issues also. 

She must know she has issues, ask her why she hasn’t done anything to get help for them. Have her explain it. And then point out the flaws in her explanation. And then find a place for her to go.
YTA

Emy is a bully. And a ringleader of the bullies. A straight up mean girl. 

And you don’t even seem to care.
Well, I don’t care that she had to sit on the porch. 

You need to sit her down, tell her what she did was mean and cruel. And she had the nerve to do this * in the other girls own home!” And that at the very least she owes Ava a huge apology. 

It’s ok that these girls don’t have the same interests, but it’s not ok that Emy thinks it’s ok to make fun of someone else’s interests. 

And I’d be having words with the parents of Emy’s friends just so they have an idea what their little angels are doing too.
Ok so you need to find out where his head is at in regard to the baby. What does he worry about. What are his fears about being a father. What does he fear about how or if your relationship will change. 

You need to talk. Less about how you feel and what you want and more about what he feels and needs about this big upheaval that’s happened. Even tho a baby is a good thing, some people, woman included are so fearful of the responsibility, that they draw into themselves because they don’t know how to deal with their fears. Men may feel they can’t be vulnerable about these things, their partner will see them as weak. 

So as hard as it is, try to put  your issues in the back burner for a bit and concentrate on his.
You can’t make someone show you that they love and want you. They either feel that for themselves and act on it or they don’t. 

I’d take a brutally honest assessment of your relationship. Did his selfishness begin when you got pregnant, after the baby was born or does it go back even further? What did he used to do that he doesn’t now? 

I think you’ll find he has always been a me first and I’ll fit you when when I feel like it guy. And you might have been ok with that when you had your own stuff going on- maybe you worked, saw friends, whatever and you didn’t even realize he wasn’t as invested in you as you. 

Go back to work full time, start making your own money, and put the baby in daycare, if he balks at that just tell him he needs to pay half and that’s the way it is. If he doesn’t like that, he can stay home and care for the baby. 

You need to look out for you, the baby and your future. Even if that doesn’t include the bf. Stop thinking you’re stuck with him just because of the child.
NTA

A few things need to happen here. 

- bf needs to tell her in as serious a ti e as he can that she needs to stop being so forward. He’s not interested, he will never be interested, and it’s disrespectful to him, you and your relationship. Plus she’s embarrassing herself. 

- bf needs to block her everywhere. There is absolutely no reason she should even have his phone number. Why does she? 

- bf is not her car service. She needs to figure out her own rides. 

- if she gets brazen and does or says anything when others, including your fam is around, he needs to say loud and clear to her to stop, it’s getting ridiculous, she’s embarrassing herself, whatever, so others can catch on to how she’s behaving. 

- I’m guessing your mom doesn’t know this is going on. You should clue her in. Even if she’s judge mental, that judgement should be on your sis not you or bf. You can say innocently, oh bf had to block sis because …. It’s been going on a while but he’s gotten really uncomfortable with it so he did that and then told me. 

- if I was you I wouldn’t say anything to her. It is your bf’s issue to fight. If you get involved it’s going to make her think you’re jealous or feel threatened by her. That’s a boost to her ego and she’ll keep going. 

- if she asks you, or more likely accuses you of making bf block her, just tell her he explained she was crossing lines and boundaries and he was tired of it. You had nothing to do with it. 

Even if you’re not close to your sis, I wouldn’t cut her off, just limit contact. You don’t always have to answer every call or text.  why have any family drama happening. It’s going to escalate and spill over to others.   At some point she’ll grow up and stop. Or get another bf.
The big thing for me was when he said he got used to you being gone and that it’s going to take a while time to build back up the connection? 

Really? You’ve been together over a year, and while it stinks that you had to be gone, the last thing anyone would do is resolve to forget about a partner while they’re off working. It’s not like you just up and went off on a grand adventure and left him home. I’d be counting off the days till my partner came home. 

And I agree that his behavior was and is atrocious. You don’t need to be made to feel bad for the job you have. You should have a partner who misses you when you’re gone and makes you feel appreciated when you get home. 

Cut him lose. You gave him enough time for him to straighten out whatever it is that’s going on in his head. Now he can have all the time to realize what he had.
No. The fitted sheet covers the mattress. 
Then a top sheet lays on top of the fitted sheet, and then you put the comforter on top of the top sheet. 

The top sheet helps to keep the comforter from needing to be washed as often because your body isn’t touching the comforter.
I’m on the fence about this one. 

I theorize, with absolutely no hard evidence, mind you, that since young kids have had screens in front of them since basically toddler age, that may have altered their perception : they are impatient because everything on a screen is so fast, unable to stay on task due to the nature of games constantly changing so they don’t have to concentrate too long on one thing, and need almost instant gratification at all times because that’s what a computer does. 
All these things mimic ADHD no? 
That could explain why medication helps them, their actual cognition is altered since their young brains are still developing. 

But on the other hand, I thought there was proven differences in actual brain chemistry in ADHD people?  Explains why meds help them. 

So some may have adhd by nature and some may develop it by nurture?  in a way?
NTA

It’s about time someone told Leah that your family vacation is not fodder for her social media. 

I would go as far as to tell her no more pics of me ever. 
If she wants to post your bro, her bf, not a problem. But not anyone else. 

As for the party, first I would def tell her no phone. You will hold it for her for the day or she can leave it in the hotel. 
And no fan girl behavior!  These are your friends. They are not there in a professional setting, this is personal. If she cannot agree to these boundaries then she’s not welcome. 
It’s may be hard for your friends to even let their guard down with her there anyway- they don’t know what she’s going to spread around, and I’m sure they’ve been in that position before. 

And if she gets out of line, speak up. Don’t let her get away with it even once. 
I’d even tell the friends they can say something also if she does something they don’t like.
So you broke up with ex because she moved. 

Now dating new girl but you’ll be breaking up when you move to the town ex is in. 

Ex wants to come but it will upset new girl. 

You don’t want to tell ex not to come. 

Obviously you don’t want to upset the ex because once you break up with new girl and move to ex’s town you will  go from new girl right back to the ex. 

Im not sure what that says about you, but if I was new girl I’d break up with you now.
Us too!  The idea that a relationship is hard work is so odd to me. 

I’m of the opinion that the right relationship is easy. It just works. 

If I have to work at it, it’s not worth it. 

“We just do” sums it up perfectly.
NTA

you funded the whole party. You had everything you needed. 

If someone else bought and brought something I wouldn’t be paying for it. 

I’ve had lots of parties, and covered everything. If a guest brings something extra, drinks, desert, etc that’s meant to be shared with everyone, they’ve never asked for me to pay for it and I never did.
I’ll say this as nice as I can. 

You’re are being stupid. 

Paying any expenses for someone you’ve only been with for 4 months is just plain stupid! 

Adhering to her demand that you stop hanging out with people because she doesn’t like them is just stupid. 

Staying with her when she doesn’t get her friend to stop disparaging you is stupid. 

Putting up with her incessant complaining over little things is just stupid. 

You giving in and giving every minute detail of where you go and with whom is stupid. 

She can do whatever she wants with her room and hygiene, but you don’t have to go there if you’re not comfortable with it. That’s you being - wait for it- stupid. 

What exactly do you love about this girl. She is bad for you and to you. 

She basically sits around all day doing nothing and expects you to do what she wants when she wants. 
Get out now. She’s just not a nice person. And a horrible gf.
Congratulations!  That’s awesome. 

If you’re made to sit thru the DVC pitch, it’s not really bad. 

There is no hard sell. So go, walk 
 thru the model, listen and then make your excuse why you can’t buy. Or maybe you want to. 

But I will say, our first stay was in a 1 br at boardwalk that we paid cash for. 

We walked thru the model, got the details, went home and called a few days later and bought in. Don’t regret it at all. And we were an every other year Disney fam while the kids were growing up, we do other vacations too.
Oddly enough, I just saw an interview on a morning news program with Matt Damon who said him and Ben afflack  have set up a production company and the main reason for doing it was that so everyone working on a production would be paid on a more equal basis. 
I’m not sure how it all works, but he did say there is so much bloat and since they know about it, they figured out how to cut down on it? 
Something about each dept is separate from the others? And he said paraphrasing, everyone deserves to make more money. 

Sorry, this is jumbled, but it was on NBC NY this morning if you want to see it. 

So if a few more of the more wealthy actors and actresses did that, more non acting production people would want to work with them. They could revise the whole system.

edited: had the wrong network. Sorry
I hate putting it this way but, your financial support of them is your leverage. 

You can basically sit them down, tell them whatever you want them to know about how you live your life and if they give you any push back you cut off the funding. 

Is that mean? Sure. And they can be mad, what good is that going to do for them? 

And if it somehow comes out? So what? You tell them it’s their fault that you had to resort to keeping your life secret because of the things they have done while you were growing up. 

But they have to realize at some point that you are an adult who can make the choices you want and they have to come to terms with the fact that however they raised you has forced you to be so secretive. But it also made you a responsible adult. One who is supporting them.
If you can, your drive when the kids would normally sleep. That gives you a few good hours to get on the road. 
We tried to time it so they’d wake up when it was time to stop for breakfast. 
So if you leave at like 11 or midnight, once they wake up and you get some food it’s only 5 or 6 hours left to go. 

Then they’re happy after a good sleep. 

They can watch a movie, or play games on a device. 

That only lasts so long, so things like mad libs was fun cause it kept all of us involved. 

We did a lot of trivia on a game boy, I’d ask the Q’s, but the 3 yo can’t really do that, but you can make up your own Q’s for them based off of what they like. Things like what is the monkeys name in Dora the explorer ( did I just date myself haha) or whatever they like.
It might actually be good for him to live with friends is he’s a bit of a Peter Pan. Let them show him how much responsibility it is to live on his own. 

He’ll get used to cleaning up after himself, doing his own laundry, cooking for himself, etc. things he may be under a false impression that you would do for him since you’re the woman and his mom probably did for him. ( if that’s the case). 

If you want to buy a place I think you should do it. This should be solely your decision. Buy where you want to live. Living on your own will also show you what it’s like to be responsible for the whole place. 

But I’d caution you to not let your place become his place- ofc  he can stay over sometimes, but don’t make it every day and don’t get into a routine of him coming over every day and you cooking for him. IOW, don’t do living together things all the time if you’re not actually living together. 

If it turns out that you two move in together then you can figure out at that time if the area you buy in works for both of you. 

Plus, if he annoys you, you always have a place to go back to.
Im curious if the cruise was full. 

Im not sure I could handle a lot of sea days if the ship was crowded.
How long are you together?
NTA

I think I must have missed something here. 

Your 44 yo bf got pissy because you couldn’t see him on Friday night because you didn’t feel well-
But you’ve been seeing him every fri - mon since you’ve been dating? 

What is wrong with him?   I’d expect a child to throw a tantrum when they’re looking forward to something and then it doesn’t happen. But not a grown man. And who has a birthday weekend at his age? 

And you didn’t have any real plans, except of course his end of the week hour long massage. 

I wouldn’t even bother contacting him. He can get over his tantrum and apologize or he can get lost.
You are a fantastic artist!
NTA

it’s perfectly ok for you to have a solo, or even a guys trip without her, and she can do the same. 

Time doing something for yourself does not mean you “don’t prioritize” the relationship. It means that you prioritize your well being and enjoyment for a week out of your relationship. 

What she’s saying is if you go on this trip you won’t have enough money to take her on the lavish trips you have in the past. (You won’t have as much money to spend even tho you split the cost). 

She says her gf’s won’t go but she hasn’t even asked them. 

Take the cruise, treat yourself and enjoy.
YTA

First off, he’s not your child. You are his stepmom. He has a mom. 

Second, psych isn’t a bad degree as long as he realizes that he can’t be an actual therapist if he doesn’t get his masters ( at least in my state) I actually think there is going to be an explosion in the therapy field. 

Third, you know the kid is not thrilled with you, why in the world would you say anything about his future plans. Nod and say, that sounds great. You’ll be a great therapist. We’ll miss you when you go to college. 

Stop making problems and then claiming to be the victim.
Reddit coins aren’t in any way shape or form crypto. 

They are coins that can be bought and used solely to gift to other reditt posters for posts or comments they make. 

They signify things like- great advice, wholesomeness, etc.
So your ex from 8 years ago who has a partner and a child, gets in touch for the purpose of having sex and you’re entertaining this idea?

Why? Why would you want to be someone’s plaything? 

I would be so insulted and I’m not sure why you aren’t and didn’t tell him to get lost.
NTA

honestly, why are you even going to this wedding. 

You knew this girl in college, haven’t stayed in any sort of close contact, it’s nice that you called when she got engaged, but that’s as far as it should have gone. 

Im trying to figure out why you’d want to spend money on an event when afterward you will go back to being basically no contact with this person, same as it was for the past few years. 

You already wasted money on a big that you didn’t go to. Why waste more?
NTA

News flash- they are annoyed with you.
NTA 
But only because I’m wasn’t thrilled with leaving my kids in the house with friends at that age if I wasn’t there either. 
Didn’t matter the sex, just too many things that could happen. (Power goes out, someone gets hurt, they decide to make food, etc.)

But you did say they were going to play video games and you said that was in the LR, where you have cameras so that would have been ok. 

I don’t think you’re worried about pregnancy, or even intercourse at this age, but kids are curious and who knows what they could get up to. 

But I will say, you need to talk to your son about girls, sex, consent, all of it. 
He is not too young at all. If he’s as responsible as you say then give him the knowledge to be responsible.
You and your partner are what real love is. 

Give him a huge hug and kiss! 

I wish you all the best.
But is it homophobic when 
OP  said in another comment that the wife didn’t allow girls to sleepover before he came out? 

I think it’s more that mom doesn’t want to think that her teenager is having sex, with anyone, in the house.
Doctor said she probably had it for a couple months, not years. 
They’ve been together 6 months. 

OP says she knows bf passed it to her. 

My reply is based on what she said.
NTA AT ALL. 

This is your home too. 

You go put your photos up. 

She’s being ridiculous. What diff does it make when the photos were taken? 

Tell her you’d love to put up family photos only from when you two met, but since your parents aren’t here anymore that’s gonna be impossible- so should your parents never be displayed in your home? 

Your friends *are* your family. 

Will she never allow baby pics to be displayed? 
How about your college diploma? Those was pre her?

How did you marry a girl who isn’t mature enough to realize that your life didn’t begin when you met her?
NTA

Why is he not an ex already? 

You have absolutely nothing, zero, nada to feel guilty for. 

So he gives you an std, and then told you it isn’t his fault? 

When it most obviously is his fault! 
This is the first time you should have broke up with him. 

Then it gets worse- he’s tired of *your* problems- that you couldn’t blame him or bother him about it. 
Well, if he didn’t give you an std, you wouldn’t have this problem. 
This is the seco d time you should have broken up with him. 

Get rid of him. He’s not worth any of 
this crap. 

And he thinks sex is so important and not getting enough? Well that’s why he has an std to begin with, he’s not very responsible with his own sex life, he’s not going to be with yours it anyone else’s.
That still doesn’t tell me what your mom wanted you to do. 

Did she want you in the home when the cleaners come since that’s the only thing going on today? 

I’m assuming she scheduled her dentist around that appt, since she was the one who scheduled the cleaners, so she was planning on being in the house anyway. 
Or does she want you to be there but didn’t bother to tell you until today? 

Honestly tho, deep cleaning the house before a party is a waste. 
The party is in the yard so the only time ppl will be in the house is to use the bathroom really.
I have a relative who lives in Easton and works in the city. 

They take the bus. It’s 90 minutes, but they also have a start time of 7-7:30 so I think there’s less traffic earlier. 

But the bus is at least a relaxing ride. 

Assuming you’d be driving 78, I wouldn’t drive all the way to Newark to then take the train, you might be better off driving to a closer nj train station to where you live, and taking the train from there. Parking would probably be cheaper and you’d almost certainly encounter worse traffic the further east you go on 78. 

Get a nj transit schedule and see what the cost is from a few stations, then look up parking rates, and see how long the trip would be. 

It’s not cheap tho. Our tix from central jersey are almost $30 round trip, but a monthly pass will be discounted. 
And parking here is a monthly thru the town so it’s also cheaper than daily but that’s a resident rate also. 

The commute is doable but you have to mentally be prepared for it day in and day out.
I need info. 

It depends on what your mother wanted you to do. 

The tent, table and chairs are all set up. 
You’re not responsible for cooking food. 
Decorations can’t be done today. 

So what did she want you to do?  Bridal shower things or general house things or something else?
NTA

So you have no contact with brother and you see your mom only when he’s not around. 

And he sees your mom only when you’re not around. 

That all sounds perfectly fine to me. 

Now, as for nephews, you really don’t have to get gifts for them for the reason that you don’t have a relationship with your brother. 

I highly doubt those kids miss one gift from a person that they haven’t seen in over a year, and might not even remember you exist.
Nevermind why he does this. 

Does he ever say what he actually does like about you? 

Just tell him you don’t like that he doesn’t like you so you’re cutting him loose to go find his tight glutted, straight toothed, skinny fit girl with blonde hair.
NTA

This is an Amy problem. She wouldn’t have a good time if you go, but you would have been just fine. 

So she should have stayed home. 

Im taking bets Amy is interested in Paul and didn’t want you there. They’ll be dating when they get home.
As it is now all three of you are each paying a third of the mortgage in an empty house that you all own equally. 

You all own it equally. That’s the key. 

If your sister lives in the house you all still need to pay one third of the mortgage because you all still own the house equally. 

Your sisters idea that she shouldn’t be paying anything toward the mortgage makes no sense at all. She still is obligated for her third of ownership, therefore one third of the mortgage. 

But if one is living in the house they should be paying all the utilities since they are the only one using them. 

Im curious what you three are going to do with this house in the future once the mortgage is paid off. 

Only one of you can actually live in it, so unless that person can buy out the others, you’re going to have to sell it or maybe the younger sis is going to want to continue living their rent free, since she’s already moved in?
This actually happened to me. It was the beginning of the end of the friendship. I was heartbroken and hurt and they didn’t even last. 

Don’t do it. It’s scummy to do to a friend.
If you realize nothing else, please know that everything you just wrote is complete and utter bullsh*t! 

Im disgusted by this guy. It’s not diff for guys. It’s only diff for horny boys who think sex defines them. There are men who cannot function and their wives do not leave them. 

Your d will know that you did the best thing for her so that she doesn’t have to grow up with an unhappy mommy, and a daddy who cheats on her and makes her feel worthless. She’ll see her mommy being a strong independent woman who put her first. 

You deserve more and you deserve better. 

Don’t stay with him. You are setting yourself up for a long miserable life. 

If you have family, I’d really really see if they can help you leave. There’s not a woman who wouldn’t help you when you tell what he’s been doing and saying. 

Think about this please.
YTA

he’s not being a bad friend. But it does seem as if he’s your only friend and if you want to keep him as a friend you have to give him some breathing room. 

You are being way too clingy. You’ve got another month till school starts up again, you’ll see him then. And you’re going to have to find more friends. 

And get some help with your abandonment issues.
I always wondered why the hate for shoulder pads. 

If you have a decent figure and have a bit of padding, say in a dress, wouldn’t that make your waist and rest of your body appear smaller? 

Ive worn them when they were in style and have no desire to go back to it.
I would wait. Even a small car is doable with one child. Maybe not the most convenient, but doable. 

And car insurance rates in Florida are really high so you might not want to take on a higher car payment along with a maybe higher ins payment.
Am I understanding this correctly?

Your bf of 6 years has decided that, due to medical complications bringing *his* child into this world that left you unable to have sex, he is allowed to do whatever he wants with whatever other women he wants, including sending them money and you want to know if you’re an ah for being upset? 

Staying for the child is not always the best thing.
When she calls you anything other than your name I’d call her out- no matter where you are or who you’re with. 

Look right at her and say in an annoyed tone say something like “ How many times do I have to tell you to stop the nicknames? What part of that do you not understand? Do you need it explained again and again like a child?” 

She needs to be made to feel uncomfortable, you know, like she makes you feel. 

But that’s me, and I’d be damned if she’s gonna embarrass me and bot get it back.
YTA

Based on the things he was saying, there are things going on in his life that you don’t know. 

He has feelings of jealousy, envy and lying. 
So what is he lying, jealous and envious about? 

These things are making him feel he cannot be a good Christian and it bothers him. He’s having trouble reconciling that the two aren’t mutually exclusive. 

I agree he needs professional help, and the sooner the better, but you might want to go speak to someone from the church and see if he’s alluded to any personal dilemmas he’s having. He’s looking for forgiveness that he thinks isn’t coming. Is he dealing with something the church finds unforgivable? Don’t tell him you’re going, that might send him spiraling if there is something and obviously he doesn’t want you knowing what it is.
Is she literally the only girl in the whole town who is your type? 

Stop saying that. 

The truth is you think she’s hot. But that will be the first thing that will get you in trouble. 

Stop thinking in the physical, and get to know her personality. If you genuinely like the person she is then maybe pursue it, but if you’re thinking you just want to have a go with the hot chick, she’s gonna figure that out real quick and her moms not gonna be too happy with you.
Your kids must know you struggle
some days, so you tell them on those days they have to stay in and play together or just in your backyard where you can sit and watch them but not be responsible for the other kids. 

On the days you’re up to it you have the other kids over for a short visit. 

But you should also explain age appropriately that the neighbor mom is dealing with adult stuff that you’re not comfortable having them over there.  Just so your kids don’t think it’s there fault that they can’t see their friends.
Honestly, you need to let him go as a partner. I’m don’t know why he would even want to stay. 

He’s done nothing wrong and you’ve consistently treated him like trash. 
It’s going to be very hard for him to trust you and even if he doesn’t say it, it will manifest in other ways. 

Stay single, or don’t commit to one person if you have to date. That way you can do what you want with who you want, as long as everyone knows that’s the deal. 

Its only been 2 months in therapy, do you really think that’s enough time to say you’ve got it all figured out? 
You may know what the underlying issues are, but it seems your need to step out on a partner comes from how you feel about yourself. You need to get to a place where you’re ok with you before you can be ok with a partner.
Good for you. 

You look great!
NTA

If she knew how much money you made then she had this planned. 
Figured you’d be so enamored with her you’d agree since you were already living together. 

Just tell her you’re not supporting her at all, not fully, not helping with rent when she’s short- nothing but a reasonable split, whatever you agree to. 

If she balks even slightly, go get an apt by yourself. Or break up and move wherever you want. 

Do not let her goad you into giving her time to find another job. That will not be happening. 

And whatever you do, do not get her pregnant. I’d actually not even have sex with her unless she has a job, but I’m overly cautious. 

Do not ignore your instinct on this one. You knew it was too soon but you did it anyway.
YTA

Just for having a 10:30 curfew for a 17 yo. 

And then also for tracking her every movement. 

Find out what her best friends curfew is and adopt the same one. That way there’s always someone else heading home at the same time as your D. 

You say the river is dodgy, but you then want your d to make her way home all by herself because none of her other friends are going to leave so early. She has a higher chance of something happening to her if she’s by herself.
We’re you long distance for the whole 4 years?
Just do a mock booking on each cruise line site. 

You’ll almost for sure have to do a 3,4 or 5 day. 
And you’ll all have to share a cabin, but you probably will only use it to shower and sleep so it may be tight but it’s doable. 


Keep in mind this is what you’ll have to pay:
Base cruise fare
Taxes and port fees
Daily gratuities

These are extra:
Drink pkg
Any specialty dining 
Keep in mind, most people give their room steward an extra cash tip at the end of the cruise. You don’t have to, it’s totally up to you. 

So I’d check carnival, NCL and royal Caribbean  


The advantage to NCL is that your drink pkg is ( sort of) included where you pay the 20% gratuity amount based off the full price of what the pkg would cost. And you’ll get at least 1 specialty dining restaurant included, again, you pay just the gratuity. 

Carnival is fun but the drink pkg cost will probably put you over the budget. 
( for example, a 3 day pkg is close to $200 )

I haven’t been on royal for a long while so I can’t say anything about them. 

Also, check out each ship, some are smaller without all the stuff- rock walls, go carts, etc. 
if you just want to get away, lay by the pool have some drinks, visit an island or two to go lay in a beach you’ll should be able to find something.
That keeps getting said, but the reality is that you just can’t expect two teen girls to become fast friends just because their parents marry. 

Each parent should have been having continued conversations with their child. And they should have been having ongoing talks with the others child also. And they should have been having talks with all of them together. 
And since they’re not averse to therapy they should have gotten some guidance there too. 

OP says his d was handling the transition ok, but was she really? Maybe not if an argument over bread turns into insults. 

And he says the step d was not. No wonder - Remember, this girl was moved to a new house, probably a new school, left all her old friends behind. They are the same age so the same grade. Except d has been in this school, has her friends and social life all ready in place. And since sd was having a tough time, she gets sent to therapy! How did that make her feel? 
And everyone thinks that isn’t going to cause a conflict? 

The girls should have been spending so much time with each other that any kind of issues would have come out and they could have been dealt with. 

So no, the kids don’t dictate what the parents do, but the parents needed to ensure a smooth transition for everyone. And I’m not sure they did. I think they thought there would be some bumps along the way, but I’ll bet they weren’t expecting the girls to viciously go after each other. 

So what’s done is done, but now the girls need someone to counsel both of them about how they can be respectful and civil to each other because if they don’t figure it out the parents marriage will not last. Neither one will allow their child to be the victim of the other one.
Most?  I’m gonna say I doubt that. 

Find better people. Even small colleges are big.
I wouldn’t. 

Because I wouldn’t even engage with someone with that view. 

We’re you trying to change their mind? Why bother?
NTA

he’s a grown man. 

Give him a list of all the doctors phone numbers and tell him to schedule and take care of his own health needs. 

He needs to figure out if this is actually gout or something more serious. 

And that $500 you make? Stop giving it to him. Send it in to cover the rent yourself.
Even he can’t be that stupid that he thinks if he’s even in somewhat proximity to her that she’d want anything to do with him. 

If he wants to be in Africa it’s more likely it’s because he wants to get away from everyone and everything-
TW, Hollywood, the UK and RF. He won’t of course because he’ll be leaving his kids. 

I think he’s just tired. Tired of constantly having to hustle for his supper with his wife pushing all the time.
The one thing that’s missing in all this is how you actually feel. 

Do you want to settle down with him? Are you in love with him? But maybe more importantly, is he in love with you? 

Are you both just moving along into marriage because you’ve been so close for all these years?
This is the only way. 

I don’t understand, yet again, why parents blend families when they *know* that one or more of the kids is not happy about it. 

Now they are stuck with this mess. 

Get both girls into therapy together. They don’t have to be even friends, but they have to find a way to have some semblance of a respectful, civil relationship.
She has basically told you that she doesn’t want kids. In a round about way forward sure, but that comes from her knowing that this relationship will end if she tells you outright. And she doesn’t want that. 

You can spend the next how ever many years together hoping she’ll change her mind, but if she doesn’t and finally gets around to being brutally honest with you, you both will have wasted those years together. 

She could change her mind but you need to decide if this is something you are willing to chance. 

Do you really want a child with someone who doesn’t want them and is only having them to satisfy you? What kind of mom is she going to be in that scenario?
She won’t do the same to him cause he’s a dr and has money.
She’s an ex so I don’t really know why you even care what she has to say. 

Unless the reason she’s your ex is because she didn’t want you to help your sister ever and you refused. 
In that case, good riddance.
I’ll be the downer, sorry. 

Maybe it’s not that you’re too comfortable, but maybe it’s that you’re both trying desperately to hang onto something that just isn’t there anymore. 

Too many down times have worn you both out, and neither of you have the will to fight back up to the good times so you’re trying to force it with romance. 

You’re both not happy, have nothing to talk about, and don’t enjoy each other and no amount of romantic gestures is going to change that. 

You can try, but she needs to be gesturing also. Why does it have to be you? It reads as if she’s looking for you to make her happy and feeling loved, instead of both of you being happy and feeling loved. It cannot be one sided.
I’m just curious. Who ties your shoes? 

They do make no tie shoelaces if you think that would be something you want to try. 

Since it’s not just shoes, maybe there’s an issue with your fine motor skills?  ( or is it gross motor, not sure) 

If you have any physical therapists that work at your school maybe you can ask them?
NTA
Has your sil never realized your d has the developmental capacity of a 3 or 4 yo? 
She’s obviously been around your d for the last 19 years. 

Does she think she’s just going to magically outgrow her autism, meet a boy, get married and have children? 

I commend you for doing what is really the best for your d. Why should she suffer, but especially that she cannot understand why.
Ok good. I feel better for you.
So basically you allowed this guy to use and abuse you for the whole time you were together. And you’re upset that he broke up with you?  You should be thankful he did because I’m sure you never would have. 

Find some self respect and don’t ever allow anyone to hit or slap you, and take care of them like they’re a child. 

I don’t believe your bf ever had any MH issues, he just needed something to get you to do whatever he wanted. 
And if he actually does, you should be hoping they rear it’s ugly head and he can’t hack med school. 

I understand your dad being hospitalized but why do you have to put off med school that starts in a few months? 
Do not do that- you have a full ride. Do not let that opportunity pass you by.
You’re trying to lock down a 31 yo who still lives at home. 

It’s 4 months, that is way way too early to even be thinking about moving in. The evidence is that he is living a care free life at home, seeing friends all the time and not really seems to be so into you. 

It might be that you let this one go. You want a totally different bf, not the one you have.
Did we ever see those pics tho? 
I don’t remember if we did.
A ten hour long distance relationship is never going to work when there is not frequent visits. And you guys have never even met! 

She’s 10 years older than you, she’s your first gf, she has lived life- (marriage and a child,)you haven’t even started yet and to top it all off, you live across the country from each other. 

And no offense, but she seems extremely shady- she won’t even tell you where she lives. 

she complained that you don’t spend “quality” time together- what was she expecting? You can only talk and text. There is no quality time when you are not physically in the same place. 

This was never ever going to work out.  And you should be thanking your lucky stars for that. 

Now go find a girl your own age and see what dating is really all about.
I could understand not wanting you to meet his child until you were together longer, but I really cannot come up with a reason for not telling you one exists. And even when you show him the proof, he won’t talk about it? 

No. Just no. 

Sorry, I’ll be blunt- this guy is jerking you around. 

You can’t be that  naive to believe this is going to work out. 

He lies, never takes you out in public, wont answer any questions you have, suggested you may have a problem that needs medicating, and you *still* want to be with him? 

And if that’s not enough, you’re entertaining having a family with him? 
You cannot possibly that desperate that you know all this and aren’t kicking him so far to the curb he’d land in a store. 

Listen to your friend and move on.
NO NO NO! 

You are making every excuse in the book in order to not see that he is just a sh*tty bf. 

You don’t want to admit it because you think that will reflect badly on you, that you picked the worst bf and stayed for years and how could you have been so stupid? 

But every single person on this thread has given you the same advice-
And that is to not take him on vacation and to get rid of him. 

And you know why? Because we collectively, the women, and also the men, of reditt have had multiple years of dating experience. We have gone thru, done, been there, went back again and tried it all over again. And we can tell you he is not ever going to change. 

Please listen to the universe.
You don’t want some things to change, you want a completely
different boyfriend. And you really should find one. This guy is horrible. 

Did it really take you two years to realize that you do so much more for him than he ever did for you?  

I think you’re making a huge mistake taking him on this trip. Find a friend and take them. Someone who will pay their half and actually enjoy spending time with you. Because it doesn’t seem like your bf is all that into you.
NTA for saying no. 

Why do his friends even want to stay at your apt? 

I wouldn’t. All I can think of is that my home would turn into party central. 

But it’s not a stupid Q, because it’s also his home. So he has the right to ask. And at least he did ask.
Do we really want to start this? 

He packs it, gets some things done thru the courts. 

Then when the presidency changes party, they pack it even more, get a few things done 

And rinse and repeat until…. when?
You didn’t even advocate for what you wanted to eat. Why not?  That’s on you. 

If a date told me to order X and I wanted Y, I’d just say no I don’t want that, I’m getting Y. If he argues with me over it, then he’s not for me. 

Is he just stingy with money? Who knows. You can continue seeing him for a few more dates, but I’d keep it casual for now. See if there are any other odd behaviors.
It’s fine if you don’t want to date right now, but the idea that you have nothing to offer a partner comes off as you aren’t happy with yourself. 

So don’t date, continue finding yourself and along the way you will find, if not a passion, at least a hobby or activity that will make you happy. 

Once that happens you may or may not want to find someone to share yourself with.
Do you really not know that being yelled out, insulted, and a door slammed on you is abuse? 
Are you waiting for it to escalate even further? 

And he did this in front of his crying child?  Seeing that didn’t even make him stop?  He’s a horrible person. 

He needs to get help for his childhood baggage he’s carrying around and then flinging at you. 

It’s been 6 months, cut your losses, get out and never look back.
NTA

Does your dad know that you want to work on your relationship with just him? And that right now, she’s an impediment to that?  
That you want to go one step at a time? 

Plus your mom is at the party. I’m sure she doesn’t want to see the affair partner there. ( she probably would prefer he’s not even there) 

So tell him this is the best you can do at this time. You’re at least working on it, he doesn’t seem to be doing anything.
You know things aren’t going to change by the end of the year. 
If he were planning anything more permanent his answers would have been more along the lines of that he’s got a timeline, not to worry, he’s thinking toward the future, etc. 

Why should he change anything about his life? At home his mom takes care of all the mundane chores, he has no expenses, and he gets to see you on the weekend to do stuff with. 
He knows if you two move in he’ll have to contribute money and do chores. 

Be careful what you wish for, if you move in with him you’ll be the one taking care of him and all the housework. As great as he is, do you want to be doing that?
Wait- you have a five year old and a dead bedroom for the past 5 years? 

I’ve had kids and sure the sex was lagging a bit after each one for a little while, but it never stopped completely never to be had again. 

Ask her why she’s so averse to even discussing this issue if you say you communicate so well. 

I honestly believe my H wouldn’t have left me over no sex, but he sure as hell would have needed to have at the very least a reason for why. And I’d feel as though I’d owe him one.
For me, that’s an absolute never gonna happen. 

Would you even feel comfortable being with another man while being watched? I’d never be able to get into it. 

But I also view sex as private, it’s not a spectator sport. 

That being said, there are people who find that exciting and a turn on. And there’s nothing wrong with that. If that’s you, then go for it.
NTA for not clearing it with your d, but when it’s brought to your attention that she’s feeling some way about the situation, why wouldn’t you just ask her what’s going on? 

Not to ask permission, more to alleviate whatever she is having trouble with. 

Ignoring your D’s angst isn’t going to be good for a relationship with her going forward. 

And if/when this relationship ends, you will have changed and possibly ruined the relationship you have with your d. 
Do you really want to take that chance?
NTA

Go on the trip with your family. It will mean a lot to your parents ( I know this cause I’m trying to plan a fam trip with my adult kids, and it’s also a cruise). 

Plus, your bf is 25, he’s old enough that he shouldn’t be pouting about his bday. You’ll be home early enough to hang out with him.
Stop not blaming him. 

You have been with this man a year and still haven’t met his best friend enough times that she would give you a heads up about a party she’s throwing him?  Even if you two don’t get along, you should have been invited. 

If he valued you as much as a year king relationship should, he would have made apologies at the party and come to you. 

The fact that he had no idea why you would be upset is staggering. 
What the heck did he think you were going to do the night you had plans once he cancelled them? 

He’s not that invested in you I’m sorry to say. I wouldn’t waste any more time on him.
ESH

You deleted Kyle off fb, but did you ever actually tell him that what he said was rude, offensive  and uncalled for ? 

Then, you told Chase you wouldn’t travel with those two, except for birthdays or their wedding? Why the exceptions? I’d never want to be around those two. 
Chase took that as you’re really not serious about not being around Kyle. 

Chase is because he invited two people you don’t like on a vacation without talking to you about it. That’s common courtesy. You can’t realistically stop them from booking, but it might have been early enough for you to cancel and make other plans. 

If the cruise is in a few weeks, you can’t cancel or you’d lose a lot of money. 
I’d still go, but I wouldn’t be anywhere near Kyle or Steve. No dining together, no excursions, no hanging out at all. And I’d let chase know that if he wants to hang with you and your wife, if the others show up you’re leaving.

Once is an accident,getting caught up in the moment, two more times is intentional.
I say you should look for a used Mazda 3. 

We had 3 still going strong until a month ago. A 2010,2014 and 2017. 
Older ones passed to kids when H bought a new one. 
The 2010 was running fine but oldest traded it in for another model Mazda. 
These cars last. With no major issues for us. I will forever recommend this car. 

But also, call your insurance before actually purchasing to make sure of the monthly payment. Don’t want any surprises. 

And idk how you blew an engine, but if it was something you did- don’t do that again please.
NTA

I don’t think randy thought it would embarrass Zach, but now that he knows he won’t do it again. Or at least until the girl jokes stop. Which is really a crappy thing to say. 

You didn’t tell your son to tamp down his out and proud gayness ( I hope that didn’t come out as rude, not meant to). 
You just told him he should be a bit more mindful of Zach’s feelings. Zach is still feeling out how much and what public displays he is comfortable. 

But if Randy knows that Zach is getting some slack he should have known this wouldn’t go over well. 

But they’re young and will learn, and may need some guidance. Just like any other teen couple. They do, they make mistakes, they learn and grow from it.
The thing with the auto gratuity is that you *can* have it removed at guest services on the ship. 


This is what royal says about the auto grat;:

According to Royal Caribbean, “gratuities are shared among dining, bar & culinary services staff, stateroom attendants and other hotel services teams who work behind the scenes to enhance the cruise experience.”

https://www.cruzely.com/royal-caribbean-gratuities-tips-full-guide-to-cost-how-they-work/

That being said, if you remove the auto grat, please tip these people whatever you are comfortable with. 
But know that there may be ppl that you never see that might be included that will then miss out. 

And the grat on any drinks purchased without having purchased the drink pkg is basically the tip you would give to a bartender or server, kind of like everywhere else. 
So you get your drink and don’t have to give them a dollar or whatever. 

Now if you buy the drink pkg, you pay the gratuity up front. Which again just means you don’t have to give the server the dollar or so. You are free to do it of course, and some do and some don’t. 

As for specialty dining, if you went out to eat wouldn’t you tip your server? Most people usually tip at least 20%, so the 18% isn’t that bad.
 NTA

Why didn’t you really mean what you said. 
You are absolutely correct in what you said. 

If his position is the male should be the providers and that the man pays for the woman and carry the burden, then that’s what he should be doing. 

I can’t believe he doesn’t realize what he’s saying as he isn’t the provider, he’s not paying for you, and he has no burdens to carry. 
( nothing wrong with you working and him staying home, whatever works for a couple is good for them, it’s his attitude that’s messed up) 

 His friend calling you saying you were too hard on him can take care of bf with kid gloves all he wants now. 

Let him stay gone for a bit. He might realize he’s not as alpha, (his definition of alpha,) as he pretends to be.
YTA. 

I didn’t even read the whole thing. 

After realizing you’re probably close to 40, if not older, your gf is 27, and the first few lines of how nuts she is I didn’t need any more info. 

And based on the last paragraph, you have a savior complex. 

Ditch the gf, pay attention to your children, and find a hobby, instead of trying to fix the girl as your hobby. 

Really, this isn’t a hard decision.
Go back to medical. Just tell them you’re worried the headache is lasting so long. Better to be safe. I’m surprised they didn’t tell you to come back for a check in the following day. 

I hurt myself on a ship and they had me come in every day to for a check in. The things they were looking for were obvious signs that something was going more wrong, so it seemed like overkill to me. I’d be able to see and feel what they were looking for.
You don’t have to justify anything tho. 

You both know this marriage has not been working for a long time so her saying horrible things about you, while hurtful to you, really doesn’t help  or hurt your divorce case. 

If anything she wrote show any kind of abuse, emotionally or financially, keeping that to yourself could be one of the grounds for a divorce. You may be able to get a slightly better settlement due to that. ( for instance if she says I’m keeping him around to support me, while enjoying other men, and I love seeing him miserable as I go out on dates- maybe financial abuse, maybe emotional, I really do t know the answer to that tho) 

Ask a lawyer. You cannot do this alone anyway, might as well get professional advice. Consultations are usually free, use them. See more than one lawyer, some may be more of a pit bull type, wants to win, but more so want to destroy the other side.
I wouldn’t do that. 
Don’t show her what you have. 

Go for the separation, it might give her the push she needs to get a job which would help you financially in a divorce if she at least had some income. 

And once you’re separated, go about your life knowing it’s only a matter of time until you’re divorced and free to find your happiness. That may be with another partner or even by yourself. 

See a lawyer, ask what the divorce might look like financially for you so that you’re not blindsided. With the lawyer try to figure out an equitable settlement and when you’re ready, present it to your now separated wife. 
Make it at least fair enough that she won’t deny all of it, but leave some room for negotiation.
You’re very young still. 
If he’s this irrational now, it will be worse if you marry him. 

He is going to be gone to uni for a while, how is he going to monitor your every move? Are you supposed to walk around with a camera so he can see where and what you do every second of every day? But yet he doesn’t have to account for anything. That doesn’t sound right to you does it? 

Forget the sex thing. I realize it will weigh heavy on you, but you need to come to terms with that aspect. You’ll find a good guy who either doesn’t care, or who also has had premarital sex. And that guy will not abuse you, hurt you, and try to control your every move.
You have to realize that nobody, in a committed relationship wants to feel like they have to constantly reassure their partner, whether that be that they love them, are in for the long haul, need assurances they are their number one, etc. 

It’s exhausting. You wanted your partner to be your number one cheerleader yet you barely did anything to make her feel like she even mattered. Her promotion didn’t matter, only the co workers did.  

Therapy is good for you to know where your insecurities come from, but you haven’t put anything you learned into practice. 

Why should she stay?  Let her go. She needs time to build herself back up, because you sure knocked her down enough. 

Work on you. If not to get back with this woman, but for any future partners you will have.
What do you want us to revolt over? 
Are you willing to start this revolt? 

There are two very large sides to every issue. You will never get a big enough percentage of the population that agrees with more than one issue to have an effective revolt. 

Let’s complain about gun violence - and then propose a revolt, which by its very nature- needs armed people. 

No thank you. I’d rather keep on trying to change whatever I disagree with by working the system. 

If that’s voting, or lobbying, or hell, even running for office in some capacity, than have to live thru violence in the streets in every state, or storming gov’t buildings or kidnapping and holding representatives hostage, or whatever other means you think a revolt will look like. Do you want to live thru that? What if you don’t live thru that, if your parents or kids don’t? 

Let’s at least pretend we’re a more civilized society then that please.
She’s not. That’s just a fact. Wishing won’t change that. 

So your other comments indicate you have zero experience with anything sex related. 

Kissing, making out, foreplay without penetration is something most of us do as teens while dating. That’s how we learn. 
So either start doing those things or let her go. She’s gonna get tired of the rejection.
You need to tell her. At this point she’s got to be wondering what’s wrong with her that you’re not sexually into her if you keep pulling back. 

She’s gonna break up with you if she feels you’re not into her. 

Honesty is your friend.
NTA

you’re way more nice than I would ever be. 
What he wrote is disgusting and inexcusable. 

I would have just put him out with nothing. Let his sister pay his fare home. 

This guy was bad news from the jump. You never even met and let him move in? You had no idea who he really was. Did you really agree to just have him show up and do nothing while you supported him?
Does your gf know you’re a virgin and that you’re nervous?

Make sure you are completely comfortable with your gf. 

Work up to it, do everything else, then  let her take the lead. It’ll be a gradual lead up to actual piv sex She knows what she’s doing. But make sure you let her know if you don’t like something she’s doing. 
Stop worrying if you’ll be good enough, and honestly, you probably won’t be but at first, that’s just due to your inexperience. In time you two will forge your own satisfying sex life.
Funny how he notices when you purchase a big ticket item for your enjoyment, but doesn’t notice when you could be going months without purchasing anything for yourself. 

And that’s what you need to explain to him, not that you should even have to. 
You wanted something that cost more than one month if your fun money, so you had to forego your fun spend until you saved up. 

It would be the same as if you bought a new chair one month, the PC the next and the desk the next.

And gtfoh with his stupid buzz words. 
What even is financial infidelity?
NTA

This is not normal behavior for a 17 yo.  

Why can’t he live with his dad? Millions of kids have parents that go thru a divorce and don’t need to live elsewhere.  Why are they treating him with such kid gloves? 

Just leave. Your H isn’t supporting you and I’d say being just as disrespectful as his brother.
Was he just supposed to sit around and wait for when you decide you want to be with him? 
You are the one who told him you couldn’t date him when he asked. 

Why did he do it if he liked you so much? Because you rejected him and she was there and he wanted to. 

So really, if you would have just started dating him he wouldn’t have been with her. 

It’s been 2 years, move on from this. 
Stop asking about it. It really isn’t your business anyway.
Well, not good that he’s in jail. 
But good that you visited. 
 I’m sure the message was to let you know he appreciates the visit.
I think the problem is that although you were together, you were separated by distance. 

When you date someone who you can freely see a few times a week you get to really “see”that person. You see how they live, you see how they interact with their friends and family, you see how they deal with stress and problems that come up. 
You two “know” each other I’m sure, but seeing the other is a diff perspective. 

You two didn’t get to do that. The 3 weeks you spent together was like a vacation. Everyone on their best behavior. 

Now that you are living together, you both are seeing the nitty gritty of each other. 

It may be growing pains, or it may be an indication that you two aren’t compatible. 

Idk what the small stuff is that you’re arguing about, but would it help if you have house rules, chore charts and maybe even nights after work that you not spend together, one of you stay in the LR, one in the BR just to give you each time to gradually get used to the other person always being there. 

Whatever the small stuff was make sure you completely resolved them and they’re not lingering.
Do you see any kind of a future with someone who is this gullible? 

Really, she’ll always be looking for the next get rich scam. 

I wouldn’t give her any money and I wouldn’t pay for anything for her. 
But id also break up with her.
Yeah I found the idea that Italy doesn’t have lines odd. 

I’ll wait my turn, whatever I’m on line for will still be there when I get there.
NTA

You need to remind your bro and especially his gf that this is your and your other bro’s home. They are guests. 

If they don’t like what goes on in it, they might want to find another place to live. 

You’ve been gaming before they got there and you’ll be gaming long after they finally get their adult lives on track.
Free speech just means you can say anything you want, it doesn’t mean you are free from the consequences of what you say. 

If social media wants to allow anything, what are the chances that the whole platform will be taken over by either side?  I would think there are more users to any sight that are not extreme  in their views. 

And aren’t  most sm platforms friend based, where you are linked to your friends? (Not like reditt where you can basically see anybody’s posts?)

In that case most people won’t be seeing extremist posts unless they are friends with the person posting. 
If they get through, you block or mute it unfollow it whatever.
If the banter does I fact go back and forth then I’d say NAH. 

I’m guessing that your friend has moved to Europe, ( not that you moved to the US) so it’s possible that she really is struggling with the cultural differences and even if it’s just silly banter to you, I’d guess she may feel a bit ganged up on because there are 2 of you against her one so her misconceptions are pointed out way more than you and your friends. 

If you sincerely enjoy this friend, it might be worth it to message her and explain that any slights weren’t meant to hurt her. You thought she knew that. See what she says. She may be really struggling and not know how to tell you for fear you’ll either make fun of her or not want to be her friend anymore. 

And then I’d stop the banter.
Thank you, I’ll be in mostly big cities. 

I’m not an aggressive person so I’ll line up and see how it goes.
While I agree wherever you go it’s better to adjust to how they do things, it makes sense really, but if everyone just rushed to the front of a line, what does that look like? Is it really just a fight for who can push past first? 

I’ll be in Italy later this year so I’d really like to know. Do I really just walk to the front of any line?  Are there any “rules”, or social norms I need to know that you can share so I don’t look like the rude American?
Bravo! 👏👏👏
Well well,well, that’ll do it. 

Conveniently left that out now, did she?
You don’t. 
You should have been gone literally the day you found out. 

What are you thinking? Why would you want to be with this person? 

We are all trying to figure out what exactly you want us to tell you because any woman with any sense would have been gone. 

You are 20, he’s not the love of your life obviously. 
Cry, yell, curse his name, eat lots of chocolate or ice cream, whatever, but do not even think about contacting him or anyone who knows him. 
Give yourself a week and then pick yourself up, and start living your life. Do not let him take another minute if your time.
Did she say why you are not invited? 
Did your bf tell sis he’s not happy about that decision? 

Do you two not get along? 


There has to be more to this.
Where are you going to run to?
Are you going to keep the baby?
If you are how are you going to support both of you? Rent, childcare,food, utilities. 
Is there a dad who is going to help you? 

You need to think long and hard about what the future is going to look like whatever decision you make.
It’s up to you if you want to push this issue. 

You can keep making your own food,but I’d be making sure everyone knows mom isn’t as accomodating to her own D as she is to the in laws. 
“ gee, wouldn’t it be nice if mom liked me as much as you bil, she’s so thoughtful of your allergy”. 

Or when you’re invited you can ask what she’s making and if it’s not something you can eat, just keep declining. It sucks cause I’m sure it’s fun to be around everyone, but maybe she’ll get the message when her family isn’t all together.
You’re NTA for getting upset but what did your mom say when you asked her?
2 adults get the 2 meal dining package only if -
THOSE 2 adults are booked as guests 1 and 2 in the SAME  (balcony or above) CABIN. 

You were guest 1 in an interior cabin with a child. 
YOU get 1 dining because you are the only adult. 

Your wife was guest 1 in a balcony cabin with a child. 
SHE gets 2 dining because she is the only adult in the cabin.  

That mix up is absolutely not NCL’s fault. You misunderstood how that works. 

Im not sure what the problem with the internet pkg was. Did you buy a pkg before you left? Did you not know how to log in? Did you not understand that it was for 1 device? 
Did you know that you could have shared 1 internet pkg between devices? As long as there is only 1 person logged in at a time you would have been ok. What were all of you doing on your phones at the same time? And slow Internet really is nothing new on cruise ships. 

I don’t do the arcade so I won’t comment on that. But I do know that it too can be purchased pre boarding. 

Each line has different policies. Before I ever book a new cruise line I make sure I read everything I can so I know exactly what I’m in for. Everything you encountered has been discussed many times on many diff places online.
What you should do? 

Don’t contact her. Don’t chase her. You reached out the first time, if she wants this to work she will reach out to you. 

She doesn’t want to deal with a problem but you can drive her to work? Do you see a pattern? Everything is on her terms. When do you get to dictate the terms? 

I’d consider it over. 

Just because you love her doesn’t mean she’s good for you.  You need someone who will talk to you to solve a problem, that is not her. She likes to blame you and just wait till it gets forgotten, until the next time.
This is a very dramatic response to basically what reads like “ I got rejected by my crush so I’ll martyr myself and get sterilized and live as a hermit” 

Sorry, it seems so over the top. 

I’m not sure how you’re going about meeting someone, but here’s a thought if you’re doing online dating. 

What does your profile look like? Don’t focus on the negative like never been in a relationship- play up your strengths- what you like to do in your spare time, music you like, places you’d like to travel to. Show that you are an interesting person. 
Your pics should be you smiling laughing having fun, even being goofy. 

Don’t stick with your usual type, you say you meet average inexperienced guys, go outside your regular. Go for the extroverted, has lots of friends, goofy life of the party type. Go for the guy who has an unusual hobby, Pick an intellectual, pick a guy who is out of your level- who’s to say what your level is anyway. 

Basically whoever matches with you and doesn’t give off serial killer vibes,  meet for coffee during the day. You may be narrowing your choices too much. Find the diamond in the rough. 

Give it a year and see where that gets you. But change your mopey woe is me attitude. You may think you hide it but it will come through.
NTA

What do they want you to do at their house? 

You just buried your last parent, it’s been months of turmoil for you (and everyone.)

You need time. Time to grieve, heal and get back to your own life. 

telling them your list of reasons will only inflame them. If that’s ok with you, then go ahead. But do you really want to be fighting with your sib right now? 

just make up excuses every time they invite you.
There is no normal, but I think this is way too much time together. 

Do you or her have any other friends? 
When do you spend time with them?
When do you just spend time doing nothing- tv, reading, homework? 

I cannot even imagine what you two would have to talk about when you see each other if you’re texting all day long. 

Get a hobby. Tell her to get a hobby. Not the same one and start having your own life separate from your gf. 

Tell her you don’t want to see her every day. Not because you don’t like her but because it’s just too much and you’re going to get sick of each other.
I was just going to type the same exact thing. 

There is no reason why she shouldn’t work after marriage until they buy a house and have kids. 

She thinks they have so much money, but she’s taking about a wedding, a house and a child. And probably an engagement ring also. And I’d bet she wants all these things pretty soon just so she doesn’t have to work. 

Can her bf even afford to support all that?  Probably not at 22.
Let him stay. 
That’s all you have to do. 
Go get his stuff from home that he wants to save and maybe store it for him once he leaves for the marines. 

Tell your bro he’s an awful father for fighting with his child. Idc who they each think “started” it. He is the one person who his son should never ever have to worry about getting violent with him. 
( and I know it happens in families, but this reads like it was a first)
NTA

You at least were trying to find a compromise where you could be at both things. 
She didn’t want to hear anything if it wasn’t you choosing her completely. 

I don’t have a problem with you yelling, it happens to all of us Has she never had anyone raise their voice to her? You didn’t scar her for life. You weren’t disrespectful in what you yelled, you didn’t call her names, you raised your voice to be heard, understood and trying for a solution, all of which she didn’t want to hear. Her only solution is you skip the wedding- not exactly a compromise. 

As important as her grad was to her, your cousins wedding was as important to you. Is it disappointing you couldn’t make her ceremony and lunch? Sure. But in life sometimes there are disappointments and we deal with them and move on. 

As for the friends, you know they didn’t get the absolute truth of the story right? Maybe send one text to all of them laying out how it all went down and then block everyone. 

She was afraid to see you but then expected you to show up? Even after you sent her back her stuff? What planet is she on thinking you two were even together still? And she was going to apologize but couldn’t? But she could give your number to all her friends to relay this message instead of using one of their phones. 

Count your lucky stars you got out. 
A partnership is not choose me at all times no matter what else is happening. It’s i know I’m your number one, but others are important people in our individual lives and we cannot discount everyone and everything else.
NTA

She’s being ridiculous. She has got to see that your kids are just too big for their ages. 

I’d get the pediatrician to explain to wife that your kids are unhealthy, not just bigger. 

I’d also have a chat with the kids themselves. The 8 yo might not understand it fully, but certainly the 11 and 9 yo are capable of recognizing that they are bigger than their peers. And I’d bet they’re not happy about it. 

Explain the food rules at bil’s for when they will be staying there, and ask them to try it out and see how they feel about it. They might surprise you when you get back from your trip and want to begin a more healthy way of eating.
 Never mind the ones who have paid their loans, how is this proposal supposed to go forward is the bigger issue. 

Fed loans are capped for each year of undergrad. I think the amount is $37,500. 
So you’re not financing your whole degree with fed loans. Anyone who has more loan debt than that has taken out private loans. Those will never ever go away, be lowered. 
And I have absolutely no sympathy for anyone who took private loans. Sorry, but you knew, if nothing else, the high interest rate of this loan. 

Do students who just graduated this may get the forgiveness? They haven’t even started paying yet. 

How about the students just starting college in sept, do they take the loans for the next 4 years and they also get a reduction 4 yrs from now? 
And where does the fed govt get the money to make these loans when the idea is that the repayment of loans go toward funding the new loans? 

Look, it sounds great on paper, it’s a great campaign promise, but it just is not feasible in the real world. 

I know college is expensive, I put 3 thru and yes, they all have these loans. 

Here’s a better idea, make it a law that every college, and uni have to use a percentage portion of their endowment every year as scholarships in place of the $37,500 loan students would have to take out. 
Some of these institutions have humongous endowment amounts. 
The student will then be ineligible for the fed loans. 

I’m just sick of hearing about this topic.
Today it’s believing gays will go to hell and after you marry it will become cut off your brothers because they are sinners. Oh and then your oat ente because they support your brothers. And then it’s your friends cause they’re not true believers. 

Soon you’ll find your life is him, his crazy religious family and his church. 
You haven’t experienced emotional abuse until you experience it at the hands of a religious husband. 

Run. He will only get worse. 

He’s the worst kind of Christian, a hypocrite. He’s perfectly ok having sex with you because he repented? Sure he did. He has no guilt over that act, just normal teenage horniness.
If he really believes he would have held to his values. But he didn’t so he’ll pick and choose how  and what he expects you to do.
That is an automatic good bye. 

Never mind he’s been getting more aggressive as time went on. 

If this was your D and her bf did this would you tell her to stay?
NAH
Im sure your parents aren’t thrilled with picking you up, understandingly, but you also aren’t thrilled to have to rely on them, which shows you’re not really entitled, which is good. 

I know you said you tried to live on your own and couldn’t do it, but can you find a roommate in the city? 
That might be a better idea 

Or how about you drive yourself to work, go out but don’t drink  
You’ll still have fun with your friends.
I remember my mom watching Nixon resign on the tv. 
I was 9.
All good, that was quite the read!
He did do his own tests. 

Shows what the mom said, only the boy is his.
NAH

She will always be taking care of her mom, and if she really is an alcoholic she will end up moving in at some point. It’s quite commendable for your gf, but do you really want this in your future? 

This isn’t what you want,  and that’s fine. A lot of people wouldn’t want it. 

But for right now, this is still your apt. You were trying to be nice since her lease was up, and I know she’s living there but it’s not really hers to do as she pleases with. You wouldn’t let her redecorate without your input would you?

I don’t have high hopes that this is gonna work out and you should decide now before you get more invested in this girl. It’s only been 4 months. Give her time to find a place and part ways.
I think I understand the choices. 

You’re 16, you can go to college for two years and get credits for that? And can you get a job with this amount of education.  2 yrs of college, is it equivalent  to a bachelors degree we have? 

Or you can go to an American school - do you mean 2 years of what we call high school? And then you’d take sat’s and apply to American colleges? 

If that’s the choices, I’d probably say do the two years where you are. 

If you’ve finished what is your HS, you might be bored doing it again. 

I could be wrong but in the US, we require so many college classes that are irrelevant to your course of study, so if you can cover all that in just 2 years, I’d do that.
It stinks not having storage space. 

Do you have any space on the side of the refrigerator? I’ve sired some pans there. 

Sorry can’t be more help.
Sorry I’m having trouble picturing this. 

When they slide out onto the floor, do you then have to take the drawer all the way out and then reach back to retrieve the pans? 

Are the pans above the top of the drawer and slide out over the top? 
Can’t be that cause it’s too easy to suggest not stacking so many pans.
So the back panel of the drawer is gone? 
There must have been one at some point, so find a metal piece that will fit and use the existing holes to fasten it. 

Or see if you can find a replacement drawer.
So they already told you what your flights are for next March? 
That’s amazing in itself. 

And do I understand that the cruise price automatically includes flights? 
That’s interesting. 
What if you live close enough to the embark port that you don’t need flights?
NTA

We were friends with another couple who got a dog and they named it my name. 
This was years ago and I really hadn’t heard of naming pets human names. 

Was I insulted? No. I laughed and joked that they liked me so much they had to have a “my name” in their home. 

Daisy is a bit too sensitive and aunt and uncle are so afraid their precious baby won’t ever get another girl that everyone has to bend over backward to make her stay.
NTA

I guess they found a way to pay for the wedding without you. 

I’d love to know any of their reasons as to why you should be paying for her wedding.
Sept 25, that’s a long way off to make that decision now. 
But I def think you should be talking about this. Working out the logistics of it all. 

Maybe you go, and come back for the holidays, then he takes vacation time and you travel somewhere during spring break, or when you don’t have to teach. Try to see if there are some agreements you can work out together.  It’s only 10 months, it’s long enough, but not insurmountable.
NTA

I’m sorry, there is no reason your wife can’t cut her daily hours long phone call with her family short for one day. 

She doesn’t work and has no friends, what the heck does she even have to talk to them about- every day- for hours? And she sees them every 6 weeks? This is all very weird to me. That’s some serious co dependency going on there. 

And then to cancel with your sis for the next day was childish of her.
Have you ever expressed that at some point you’d want to live abroad before now? 
It’s kind of a big thing to drop after 6 years. 
Can he work from abroad? If not, why would he give up his job? 

That said, if you think your relationship would survive the 10 months, then maybe do it, get it out of your system. You’ll either be satisfied afterwards or you’ll realize you don’t want to be tied down to one place.
There is no jr jr. 

If BIL is Daniel jr, his son would be titled Daniel III ( the third)  but only if the baby’s first middle ( if he has one)  and last name are exactly the same as his father. 

If just the first and last name are the same, ( if they drop or change the middle name) then the baby becomes just Daniel,mn or not, last. No jr no II. 

His son can’t be Daniel II, because he is the II ( second, even if he uses jr)
NTA

I think a bill for the materials and labor for the ruined garments are in order. 

How petty is a grown woman that she thinks she’s owed something from another person. 
She’s acting like a child and was told so. No issue there. 

I’d be commenting on that fb post and in addition making my own. And I’d go as far as to text every family member of what was said, what she did.
YTA

It’s just so stupid in the first place that you asked her to read to you thru the bathroom door. Just ask her to stop while you do what you need to. 

And adding to this- it was your idea to do this stupid except use in the first place. The least you could do is give it your all attention. 

I won’t even get into how I feel about the idea of actively trying to strengthen a relationship.

But I have to ask, is this a self help book or just a run of the mill novel?
I’m thinking it’s because he was the one driving the boat.
It’s not a recycle thing, but instead of buying new bottles of anything, soda or water, juice, there should be drink stations where you bring your own reusable cup and just fill up. 

One button dispenses the amount you pay for, S,M,L. 

If you don’t have a cup, you buy a paper compostable for a nominal amount.
YTA

She doesn’t need you to set the record straight, she should do it herself. 

And she should start with a lovely text to your mom, explaining how it’s your defect  and does mom now think she should divorce you? 

You better start getting the word out. It’s gross that you would let your wife be looked down on. Be a better husband.
Why would you immediately go to she’s hiding something? 
How low do you think of your wife that you would think she did anything in this scenario? 
You don’t deserve her and she deserves better than you. 

She did nothing wrong!

Again- in case you still don’t get it-
SHE did nothing wrong. 

Your friend is totally to blame. And you - sent a very nasty message. 

But wait- then you drag your wife to therapy to work thru it?  Work thru what exactly? She doesn’t need therapy, she needs a H who unwaveringly believes her when she tells him she was harassed and threatened by YOUR friend. 

I’d never look at you the same way.
Ah ok. 
Well it’s a crappy conversation to have. 

Maybe something like this? “ look, there’s no easy way to say this but I’m not comfortable with D coming to the christening. You know she has some issues, and let’s not pretend that she is better when she’s not and I cannot take the chance that she will act out at what should be a happy celebration for the family.  This is an important celebration for me and W, and we just want a nice happy day. Of course I want you there, you’re my bro, but I will completely understand if you don’t want to leave D with her mother for the day. But I’m sorry she is not invited”. 

Bro won’t be happy, but when you have a child with serious issues, you have to realize that there are places she won’t be welcomed at.
How is he going to bring her if he doesn’t have custody of her?  

It’s your bro in law, which means he is/ was married to who’s sister? 

If he married your sister, you should be telling your sis to tell him not to bring her. 

If he married your partners sister, then your partner should be telling their sis it’s not a good idea. 

You’re an in law, this needs to be done by a direct family member.
She’s lived in this city before she met you so she knows how expensive it is, how did she manage before? 

I gotta be honest, you work 2 jobs, she works and you still can’t save any money. Something has to change. 
Either you get one higher paying job, she gets a higher paying job, or you move. 

You can’t move with the job you have, but does your company manage territories anywhere with a lower cost of living that you can switch to? 

Moving from everything you know is not ideal, but a lot of people do it because they want to have a better life. 

I can understand her frustration up to a point, and it seems she’s rushing this relationship a bit, but the dramatics she is showing are unwarranted. 

If you absolutely are 100% positive that you will not move anywhere and you are determined to make a life in this city, you need to tell her that. She can then decide if she wants to stay with you or go her own way. This may be one thing that you are not compatible on.
You say you have 50 people, but those 50 include presumably, all of your and her extended families. Aunts , uncles, cousins. 

But usually when people have a destination wedding, the guest list gets cut way down to immediate families, any very close to the B and G extended family and very close friends. 
Your 50 people might be able to be whittled down to maybe 25. Or even less. 

The people that would come would be the ones that really really care to be there for your wedding ( as opposed to aunt Gertrude who you see at family weddings and funerals- you won’t miss her).

Everyone shows up the day before the wedding 
Then you can have one whole day of total wedding- she walks down the aisle, you marry and have a nice celebration afterwards. 
The following morning can be a brunch and maybe find one activity that all can do, maybe a vineyard. 
Next day everyone goes home. 

Just a thought.
Stop texting with josh on anything unless you want Karen to be spreading your business all over town. 

If you need advice from him, call him when he’s not with Karen.

Oh and please do some research before asking another 16 yo about important things like possible pregnancies. I cannot see him being any more of an expert in this subject than you.
I agree- immediate family should take care of them- the boys immediate family, as in mom and dad. 

And yes, they’re not safe in Florida- by themselves that is. But with their immediate family, ie mom and dad, they will be perfectly fine. 

I would never communicate with sil ever again. Literally block her everywhere. Your brother can get in touch if he needs you. At least he seems like a rational adult.
Seven months is a long time when you’re 15. But not in the big scheme of things. 

This is your first gf, you have no idea what a good healthy relationship looks like. 

-Going thru a rough patch by 7 months is not a good sign. 

-Having other people who are more objective than yourself telling you she is controlling is a big red flag. 

-You’ve already have thoughts of breaking up, that is your gut telling you something - always listen to your gut! 

-Doing everything for her is not an equal partnership. 

-Her crying is emotional manipulation, not a good thing. 

If you’re brutally honest with yourself you would see that you are not happy being with this girl. 
You know what you want to do, you’re just too inexperienced to know that you will survive this break up. You will meet another girl and it’ll be nice and then you’ll break up and you’ll meet another, and on and on and on. 

You are so young, go have fun for the summer with your friends. Another gf will come along.
Did you two meet in the city that you live in now?
How long are you together?

What do you realistically think your time frame for buying something is? 
If you’re basically paying a mortgage amount, how do you ever think you could save up enough to buy something? 

Can you both work from a diff city that you are in now?
Thank you!
I know child support does not hinge on him having visitation, but is there any way she can get support but he does not get visitation? 

Otherwise I feel he’ll dip in and out on a whim and those kids will always be in flux. 

Or-
If she doesn’t need the support, and his name isn’t on the birth certs, can she just move away so he can’t find her. Stability of one parent has to be better than what he does.
NTA

Why was Sean the only one home at that time? Where was your family? Did your H allow Sean to wake you to make supper? 

I would get out. It’s not worth staying there to me. 

I’m actually surprised Sean allows his wife to stay out past supper cooking time.
NTA
That relationship is gross

At this point really,  just uninvite them. 
Don’t engage anyone about it. 
Ignore any texts from anyone in the family. Don’t pick up any phone calls. 

Make a declaration and stick to it. 
The topic is closed. You do not need this aggravation. 

She has to wear white because she got pregnant didn’t get to have a wedding?  GTFOH. This is the most asinine thing I have ever heard.
YTA

you’ve eaten the same meal since you were 5, which means someone else cooked it all those years, who would that be? I’m guessing your mom? 

You said parts are  complicated and you can’t do them, so just get your mom to help you with those parts. If she can’t do it, then you muddle thru best you can. 

Adapt.
Funnily enough, I’ve been sailing carnival lately. 

I haven’t seen any over the top crazy tho. No fights at least. And I think only one really drunk guy whose wife was trying to guide him out of the casino when she finally gave up and just left him in a chair at one of the machines and walked away. 
But they def take top prize for outlandish outfits on their passengers. It’s like they don’t have a mirror. 

I feel like the British seem to have a more  almost jolly good fun, crazy time tho.
I just took a look. That trip sounds amazing!  I hope you have a fantastic time. Maybe you can pop on here and give us a few updates as you go. 

I have a few Q’s, purely out of curiosity if you don’t mind. 

I’m assuming you have cruised and probably long trips , but are you a little nervous about being at see for so long? I don’t think I could do the whole thing. 

Did you get a veranda cabin, I think I’d need that definitely. 

Are there any specific ports you are more looking forward to?
Ooh I might be up for a crazy time! 
Thanks.
Can you expand on the craziest please? 
I never looked into Marella, so I’m curious.
You’re going to be apart from each other for 2-3 years, what kind of marriage will this be when you’re not together? 
And she wants to add kids into the mix? How’s that gonna work? 

Honestly, you guys shouldn’t even be together. 
She has a romanticized version of marriage. 

Don’t settle. Your spouse is the most important decision you will make in life. If you’re seeing  problems with her now, they will only get worse. You two won’t even be together to have the time to sort them out. 
This is a recipe for disaster.
What exactly are your wife’s limitations if you don’t mind answering? 

She has the capacity to disagree with the go fund me, so is it that she has physical  limitations?
Is she getting therapy that she may improve and this is somewhat temporary?
If you’re finding it so hard to move on after everything this girl put you through, maybe you need to work on you for a bit. It may help you to speak to someone to figure out why your self esteem is so low. 

Nurturing, faithful and hardworking are good qualities. But honest and respectful need to be there also.  manipulative and unforgiving cancel out all the good 

I realize you can’t help who you fall in love with, and I hope you truly find your match who treats you with the respect you deserve.
Just know that with NCL, -

You say you have 4 people, if you are all not in the same cabin, they can split you on diff flights. 

You will be kept with your cabin mate, but if for instance, you book you and partner in one cabin and your 2 kids in another cabin, your kids may end up on different  flights, with layovers in diff cities.
What did you do wrong?

1- After you broke up for absolute legitimate reasons, you went back for more abuse. 

2- you didn’t work on any of the problems you had originally but just figured she’d magically be better the second time around? 

3-Then you smartly broke up again, but went back for even more abuse. 

4-In the two mo the you were broke up the first time you should have  moved on. 

It’s like you were determined to make her a better person. It never ever works. What was so freakin good about this one person that you had to be with her? 

Please don’t make a mistake number 5. 

Find a woman, not a girl, and go slow. So slow, you might be going backward. Get to know them in and out before you commit.
YTA for allowing someone to use you financially fo so long. 

Cut your losses, dump the guy and find someone, preferably where you live, so you can have an actual relationship with, go on dates with, see how they act in real life with their friends and family.
Can H ask for a gag order on the divorce proceedings? 

That would work to shut her tf up!
I don’t even remember the last award show I’ve watched. 
I’ve been over them for a long while
Come on now, she must have some wrinkled designer frock somewhere in her closet she can throw on!
First of all, vision is not something to be ashamed of. It’s not like you actively did something to cause it. 
Let’s get that out of the way. 

Also, your numbers aren’t really bad. 
20/20 is so called normal.

Who told you these were really bad numbers?
Exactly, there’s zero overhead. Especially if she’s recording from her house! 
No transportation cost, no wardrobe cause wtf is seeing her, thank goodness no security to get to a studio- (she’d need double that budget for the armor plated tanks with mounted mini guns), guests just show up. 
So you pay an editor? Maybe a music and sound person? 

Buy this is what Spotify does/ its literally their business. You telling me they don’t have these people on staff?
A million dollar budget for each episode?  

What could they possibly have needed to justify that budget? 

I doubt they paid guests, so how many people does it take to record one podcast. I’d like one of those jobs please. 

Spotify is looking more and more stupid every day.
NTA

Did you actually leave with your friend? Then she went somewhere other than home? Not your problem. 

Her husband figured she’d be home at about the same time you got home, and if I was him I’d think that also. But when she didn’t arrive he rightfully asked where she’d been. Seems pretty normal that would happen. Even if he doesn’t think she did something she shouldn’t have, he was probably worried what happened to her. 

I always text when I’m leaving a place. 

I’m usually driving, but if I’m not home in a reasonable time and don’t answer my phone, at least someone would know approximately where to look for me. 

With you, you’re in an uber with a stranger.  If you don’t turn up at least there’s some way to try to track you.
It was a box grid, but when I copied it it didn’t come out that way. 

I’ll try to clean it up.
EDITED TO MAKE IT CLEARER. 

I found this. It does seems kids are entitled. Did I interpret it wrong?  

Box Titled- if you die with:
spouse and descendants from you and someone other than that spouse	
Box Titled- Here’s what happens:
spouse inherits the first 25% of your intestate property (but not less than $50,000 or more than $200,000), plus 1/2 of the balance

descendants inherit everything else

https://www.nolo.com/legal-encyclopedia/intestate-succession-new-jersey.html#:~:text=in%20New%20Jersey-,If%20you%20die%20without%20a%20will%20in%20New%20Jersey%2C%20your,has%20children%20from%20another%20relationship.
   Your gf told you she was in love with someone else and wants to travel with this person. That’s not an open relationship, that is her wanting you to sit on the sidelines while she has her fun. 

You two have been long distance with occasional visits where you played house. She came back earlier this month and is in love with another already? Let me guess, this guy is from where she used to live? 
And you don’t think she was seeing him prior? 

Don’t ever be someone else’s back up plan.
So sorry for your loss. Losing a parent is hard. Sending hugs. 

You seem to have an awful lot of empathy toward Sandra and her grieving process. This is a woman who alienated your dad from you ever since she met him. 
It’s lovely in a sense, but you and your sibs lost your dad!  She doesn’t seem to care much about your grief. That’s not to say you should go after her, but all you guys really want are sentimental things, you’re not trying to throw her out of the house. 

That said,  and your sibs may be entitled to part of his whole estate and you shouldn’t just ignore that. This of course depends on where you live. 
I did a search for my state and kids from a previous marriage are most def entitled. 

Add your name to the suit if the lawyer can show you what the laws for dying intestate in your state are. 
And if you really dont care about any of his estate, simply suing for the sentimental “stuff” you and your sibs want should go even easier. Sandra will hand it over if it means you won’t be going after his money or property. 

Don’t stress, let your sibs handle the legal stuff, but you should put on a united front.
The funny thing is, we’ve all probably been the new  one to the group at some point. 

I have but it never bothered me. I enjoyed hearing the stories about when my partner was young and dumb it had a great adventure, whatever. I just listened and took it all in. It gave great insight to everyone in the group. 

This behavior? I can’t even put the feeling g into words really. Which makes it all the more creepy maybe?
Your bf is being petty and immature. 

You are allowed to go away with a friend and not him. That you planned it while you were broken up said to him that you aren’t sitting around pining away and he’s pouting. 

Him then going to all your favorite places and making sure you know about it says he wants you to be upset that he’s doing all these things without you. But you’re not taking the bait so he has to up the ante except he’s out of ideas. 

So he breaks up with you - again. 

Don’t you see? You’re not worshipping him, you’re not miserable without him, you can actually be ok without him. - and he doesn’t like any of that.
Buy a ped egg.

Use it after a shower then slather in moisturizer, put socks and shoes on. 

I also frequently just moisturize, but always put socks on and shoes. I feel like the heat from the socks and shoes helps.
I don’t know anything about either of you but seriously- you think a 23 yo single mom is in love with you? 
She’s in love with the fact that you will send her money. 

Cut your losses, find a woman somewhere near your age. This chickie will string you along until she can’t get anymore from you.
NTA

Honestly I would have assumed she was still loopy from the anesthesia and not really taken it seriously and if I said anything I would have caused a problem between them. 

Was the reason for her wanting to split because he wasn’t able to be there any sooner because he was with his friend at chemo?
Wait- you share an apt and you pay for it on your own? 

Why are you still with him? Besides that you’ve been together for so long? 

Does he have any plans to actually get a job, be an actual adult or what’s his plan? 

Dinners with his mom isn’t that odd, but every week is obsessive. But I guess he has nothing else to do?
NTA

the idea that she wants to feel included in your previous life is strange. Really really strange. 
That’s not how it works. 

I’m not exactly sure if that’s a reflection of anything really, it just feels a little… obsessive, all consuming maybe? Idk. Just gives me bad vibes.
Depends how young. 

Babysitting is the easiest thing you can do. But if you’re not old enough for that, then a mothers helper is doable. You basically watch the child while the mother is there doing other things in the house.
Who says they’re ugly? You? 

One persons pretty is another’s ugly and vice versa.
Well that’s horrifying!  Thank you for that visual. Lol
So it’s your apt. 
Ask your lawyer if it’s legal to literally get him kicked out. Make sure he doesn’t have tenant rights or something. 

Then call the cops, have them escort him out and have a locksmith in standby to change the locks.
But you didn’t. You went back. 

There are so many things that are concerning in your post. You two just should not be together. 

You need to separate, get court ordered custody and child support so when it’s his time, he has the baby.

Find another place to live. And seriously, get on a birth control that you don’t need to even think about ( implant, IUD). Not 100% but pretty damn close and no possibility of human error.
Thats what I wondered. I’m sure D would have said to her cousins that her parents need to know and that their mom had to let them know, that they weren’t taking the cousins word for it. 

Or call the SIL the night before final numbers had to be in and just ask. It’s now or never, yes or no.
What’s the alternative?

Everyone just sit around all day and be given the basic necessities? 

What about wants? Maybe after a few years of just  being handed your needs, you’ll get to choose a want. 

You’re not special, we all grow up and have to support ourselves. There is no coping to be done. 

Where did this idea even come from? It comes up on his site so often.
Doesn’t anyone else’s family not say anything and then just talk about the person behind their back? 

No, just mine?  My sibs and I would have a field day with those names! 

We’ll just keep on keeping the peace over stupid stuff like this.
And you haven’t blocked this girl why? 

You can’t just not talk to Jason tho. You can either tell him you want nothing to do with him, or that you want an actual bf/gf thing. 
And he needs to tell the girl. L

You seem to be taking Jason’s word that he was just talking  to this girl. She thought he was her bf- there’s a huge disconnect with those two statements. One of them is lying.
My 20 somethings are still wearing mismatched socks. It’s been years now. 
It’s really not all that important is it? 

Me, I don’t do it, but it’s not my feet and not my socks. 

Your so is making problems when there are none. Why?
I’ve never heard of that at all. 
My understanding is that:

If your flight is 8 pm and have transport to the airport thru the cruise line, you will be among the last group off the ship, but every disembarking passenger has to be off the ship before any embarking can be done. 

So you may be scheduled to debark somewhere between 9 and 10 am, but you can’t stay on all day. 

And when embarking, even if your flight is arranged thru the cruise line, if your flight is delayed they will not wait for you. 
They will wait if you are already on a cruise line arranged shuttle coming from the airport if delays are traffic or whatever, ( so not hours long delay) but not for a flight delay. 

I heard you  be able to fly into the first port, but that is at your expense.
She can ask anything she wants. 

Realistically tho, what organization is going to pay this amount? 

Or even, what organization is even wanting her to speak and to speak about what? 

She has nothing of any value to talk about. And that’s not being mean really, she can speak in a generic term about any topic, but we all can do that. 

If I’m looking for a speaker for my org, 
Im looking for someone who has at the very least some expertise or personal experience about whatever my org represents. And that’s not her.
They’re waiting to debark. Bars wouldn’t be open until the next group embarks.
He’s been sleeping for 10 hours?  So he should be nice and rested to handle the baby for the next 8-10 hours while you sleep. 

He has no excuse at all right now. 
Go get some sleep.
NTA

Based on the info about the uncle alone, never mind where she’s going has/had cartel violence, that’s a def no from me. 

Why take even the slightest chance?  

Her aunt is coming to visit when the baby will actually be able to interact with her anyway. 

You have to sign something for the baby to leave the country anyway? Don’t sign. 

https://www.usa.gov/travel-documents-children
Because they don’t really care about any of these groups. They just think if they say they care people will fawn all over them. 

It’s been said over and over, they don’t want to do any of the actual work involved to actually make a difference. 

This website says it costs $8,000 to build a well. And it’s in Africa, Harry’s second home. 

You’re telling me their foundation can’t part with some money for this project? And they don’t even have to do any of the work. This took me 5 seconds to find a charity that actually does the work and they have a staff that can’t find not one thing they can support? 

They’re actually disgusting people. 

https://waterwellsforafrica.org/whats-the-cost/
I think we’d all like a more democratic liberal power for Russia. 

We can always hope.
You can eat chicken tho. It’s a meat but it’s not red. 

Yes it gets boring I know. But a salad with grilled chicken, carrots celery tomato, maybe throw in a hard boiled egg and a dressing was basically my go to meal when I diet. 

You can make pulled chicken ( like pulled pork) 

Just eggs and toast, French toast should be ok too. Quiche with veggies might be good too. Egg salad might be ok if you don’t use too much mayo, you can have a sandwich or just put that on a bunch of lettuce. 

Sorry, I’m trying to help give suggestions.
That’s what I wondered. Wasn’t it reported that the Russian soldiers sent to Ukraine were giving but cause they didn’t want to fight? So I wondered  if the Russian military in Russia would do the same thing. 

If they do indeed allow Wagner a pass, do you think this is a good thing for your country?  What do the regular Russian people think would be the best outcome?
So I did a quick search and didn’t find any indication that losing weight releases purines. 

Everything I saw said losing weight helps with reducing gout flare ups. 

Don’t despair just yet. Can you get in to see your doc or do telemedicine. They can give you the med to help with the flare up.  And then once you’re feeling better, you can concentrate on losing some weight. 

The people I know who have had gout have absolutely kept it at bay by diet. They know which foods may cause a flare up and avoid them like the plague. 

I hope you find some relief. Any chance you can call in sick to work at least for today?
Well the obvious answer is to get your gout treated. 

And then avoid whatever it is that causes the gout in the first place. 

Read these, 

https://www.arthritis.org/diseases/more-about/managing-a-gout-attack#:~:text=Start%20treatment%20immediately%20with%20over,which%20can%20worsen%20a%20flare.

https://www.cdc.gov/arthritis/basics/gout.html#:~:text=Eating%20or%20drinking%20food%20and,scallops%2C%20trout%2C%20and%20tuna.
If just the thought of marriage I’d making you physically sick maybe that’s your instinct telling you this is not the guy for you. 

You’ve been together so long he’s all you know. But being insecure moody jealous and judge mental are not really traits you want in a partner. 

I’d work on those issues first before you even think about a life with him. Honestly, I’d be thinking if that’s the traits I’d want in a bf. Those traits will absolutely stifle you in regards to what you want to do in *your* life.
YTA 

So you admit you just want to be a degenerate for life? 

If that’s the best you hope to aspire to then leave. Why are you fighting to stay?
This is not normal. 

I’m sorry, why exactly would you even date anyone who has said this to you? 

2 relationships, for 20 years means when you were in your 20’s till now. How did you manage to find a guy in his 20’s who didn’t want to jump anything with a pulse? 

Do not give up, but seriously before you get past the first date you need to ask about his sex drive. If he’s not up for at least once a week, don’t continue to date him. Make this an absolute requirement for yourself.
Cologne smells diff on everybody depending on how it reacts to your body chemistry so no one cologne is the one you should have. 

You need to try them and see if you, or your partner thinks it smells good on you.
I see the skinny, and the muscle, but where’s the fat? 

The answer is NO you are not skinny fat at all. You are tall and lean and muscular.
Why do you want to live up to a cheating ex? 

Has it occurred to you that all the ex ever had was maybe a different look, and alternative lifestyle and that’s what he thought was soooo attractive at the time? Because it certainly want her loyalty. 

But where did that get him- cheated on married and still cheated on again. 

Just saying that to compare yourself against the ex is pointless because he is choosing you. Choose him back with no reservations. Just go with it- you have no idea where it’s gonna end up.
Life is too short to spend it with someone you’re not crazy about.

And besides you’re both young, been together a long time and may have outgrew each other, but you’re both sticking around just because of the time put in already. 

If you’re not feeling it, you’re not feeling it. If you do break up, if her parents don’t know about her harming herself, that might be the time to clue them in so they can be aware and get her the help she needs.
I had trouble following who did what when. All of this is messed up tho. 

Your D was bullied but it really sounds like she gave it right back with the “mom joke” no? 

The time for her to speak up was when she was paired with the bully. 
Then she did none of the work? So why bother going to the competition. 
Wonder why the bully didn’t tell the club leader that your d did no work? 

If only 2 signed up, I’m assuming she got to the competition and her bully said something to her again? 

All I know is I wouldn’t force my kid to go and do anything they didn’t want to do. She’s 13- is model un or any club really that important? She’s got plenty of time to learn to stick to her commitments, you know, the ones that really matter.
Are you on the lease? I think if you are then you’re stuck until the lease runs out?  Someone else would know for sure. 

I would remove my banking info from it. Let him deal with it. Worst that can happen is he takes you to court for the rent till the lease comes to an end. But will he? Maybe it’s not even worth it to him and he’ll just pay the full rent.
Aw, thank you. 

My response to OP says maybe he wants to do it on his own for a sense of accomplishment. 

Idk, I just don’t want her to get too paranoid and borrow trouble where there is none.
So it’s possible. 

He may not tell you where he is when he needs to calm down because he wants to handle his issue on his own. He needs to feel he can become a less angry person on his own. Sense of accomplishment and all. 

If you do notice a pattern of less aggression, please mention it- in a nice way- not “ you’re not as angry” more “ what’s got you in such a good mood lately, I like it”. 

Give him a few weeks, then casually mention he seems more buff than usual. See if he mentions going to the gym. 

I don’t think he’s doing anything nefarious. You guys are ok.
Is it possible he is going to the gym and stopping off at the park before he comes home because he knows he’s in a bad place and doesn’t want to bring that anger home?  

Two hours in traffic can rile anyone up. 

The gym would be a good place to work out his aggression and a park seems like a good place to calm himself down. Has he been coming home in a better frame of mind that you noticed? 

Are there any other places he’s going that are sketchy? And not places he could maybe just collect himself before coming home.
NTA 

But how did it get to this point? 

When you were dating did he have a job, an apt, support himself?
Did he just suddenly get sick and quit his job after you married? And you were ok with this? 

And how do you not know if he has asthma or the much more serious COPD? I’d certainly need to know exactly what kind of medical issues my H was dealing with. 

If he was supporting himself when you met and dated he can do that now.
I think something is missing. 

What does your mom say about being limited to the amount of time she spends with her grandson? What did your bro tell mom he thinks you’re telling his son? 

Have you asked these other family members why you shouldn’t be seeing bros ex wife, even in the context of it being just to facilitate drop off to visit with nephew? 

What possible reason could there be for that? It makes no sense. He is still your nephew. You didn’t divorce anyone. 

He cheated. She divorced him. She is not the bad guy here. 

Your bro should be thankful that you and mom want to spend time with his son.
Yeah that’s a pretty big thing to leave out.
Nope. I’m out too!
He wasn’t a close friend and you barely spoke prior to dating, so go back to that dynamic. 

I wouldn’t actively snub him, say hi to the group when you get there, and say bye to the group as you leave.

If you’re thinking of it as a win/ lose, then you would lose if you cut off the friend group. He will think he won just because he would look at it as “ she cared so much and can’t get over me so she can’t be around me”. 
Don’t give him that. 

But def come to terms with him and the breakup or you’re setting yourself up for misery when he starts to date and bring her around.
Curiosity has me wondering 

I just want to know exactly what role the snake had at the wedding. 
And why it was so important to be there.
EDIT
Due to knowing the real reason Jen can’t leave the baby with her partner, I change my vote to YTA
it’s totally understandable why Jen wouldn’t feel comfortable leaving the baby with anyone. 
Make the exception for her. She needs some happiness in her life right now. 
And mom is NTA anymore. She obviously empathizes with Jen at this time. 

NTA 
but I’d go as far to say mom is. 

Does Jen not have a friend, family who can watch the baby? So her original plan fell through, not your problem. 

I never understood people who won’t go anywhere without their child. Who wouldn’t want a night out without 
child care duties?  

Your SS is going to literally sit at your wedding with an infant in her lap! At 10 months, even if this baby is walking, your SS is just going to follow her around while she roams? Sounds like a great night huh? 

Jen can come to the ceremony, go check on her D, then spend a few hours at the reception. If she wants to leave early she can. 

Your moms stance is ridiculous. Why is it so important to cater to Jen? She’d rather skip her one daughters wedding to do what? Sit at home with her other D to make what statement exactly? That she likes Jen better? That her grandchild is more important? That it’s unfair to leave an infant out of a wedding that said infant is never even going to care about?
I’ll get downvoted but whatever. It’s my take on the situation. 

It will be helpful if you can get your husband to talk to someone. All of this mess is ultimately his issue to come to terms with. 

I won’t say your H is homophobic, he may be, he may not. He obviously had/ has a vision in his head of what he wanted for/ what his sons life would look like. 
Every idea he has had is now shattered and he has to find a way to come to terms that what he envisioned will not come to be. 
Lots of parents have this same realization, but they are able to take a step back and say “it’s not what I had envisioned, but it is what it is” and accept and go forward. 

This goes back a long ways, every time your son had trouble your H turned a blind eye- his mom disappearing, his cutting, his lack ( per H) of a gf, and ultimately his coming out. 
His dad has ignored the obvious, simply because he didn’t want it to be true that his son was suffering, thus driving your son deeper into himself. 

As good as you are as far as being there and understanding your son, and as much as you tried to get your H to get on board, so to speak, you haven’t been able to so it’s time for professional intervention. 

I am sure your son knows how much you love and care, but your son *needs* his dad to accept him. That is the part your H does not want to realize. 

So work on H to get some help with basically letting go of what could have been and moving into this is what it is.
You’re 18, you’ve been dating for 3 months, you’re going to be away for training and then stationed wherever. 

Tell me again why you would even want to be coupled up with anyone? 

Go do your thing as a single guy. But be smart about the girls you will be meeting once you’re stationed. Don’t be a stereotypical young, dumb enlisted guy who marries just to get off base. 
Date for sure if you meet someone you like, but don’t be in a rush to marry. 

Good luck in basic training and stay safe.
It’s been 1 date!  Slow down. 

What gives you the idea that she wants serious? 

See if date 2 or 3 goes as well. 

Make plans to actually see each other once a week, talk or text a few times during the week, which incidentally is exactly how dating is done. Don’t make it an every day thing right now.
I like just the basic details. I don’t need every single teeny tiny detail spelled out for me. 

Not even so much to form my own mental image, just because unless it’s instrumental to the story, it’s irrelevant. 

So in your example, basic description works - heart monitor beeping. 

Not- the big beige box to the left of the bed that is incessantly beeping telling me person is alive while I watch the line move up and down, hoping, praying it doesn’t flatline.
It’s not all cash but pizza delivery makes cash tips. 
That’s an option if you have a car. 

If you’re ok with kids you can babysit, or I’ve seen people offer to play/ teach their kids a sport or you can offer tutoring. 

I’ve seen kids home for college offer to do basic yard work- weeding, mulching etc. 

Go on your towns website and post there.
Whoever told you it was offensive probably has no idea who the people in the shirt are. 

They say the words and went right to “ it’s a trump thing”

I wouldn’t worry about it.
This is it exactly. 
The vitriol shown to wealthy people on this site is unreal. 

As if any of those people suddenly came into enormous wealth they wouldn’t be doing exactly what the wealthy are doing. 

They like to say they’d be solving poverty and world hunger, but they’d be the first to flaunt it, buy the mansion, jet, and of course since it’s Reddit, hookers and blow. 

It’s gross really.
Yes this sounds absolutely ridiculous to me. 

How exactly does she want you to give her your undivided attention? Are you supposed to just stare at her, give her non stop praise, hug and kiss on her for hours on end? What?  

How is it that she can go out to dinner with you and a friend and that’s ok when you’re obviously not giving her your undivided attention? 

How have you even lasted 6 months with her?
NTA 

You should have just told him you did for FD exactly what he did for MD. 
He can’t counter that because then he’d have to come up with what he did, which is nothing. 

Im married, I don’t think my bday is all that special but we take the fam out to dinner, ( for all our bdays, not just mine).

But there is *always* at least talk about it coming up. How is this not even talked about, by anyone including the kids?
Thank you. 

At first I wondered if maybe he was a bit overwhelmed with all that was going on in your fam, but he’s had all that info for a while so that shouldn’t be why he now needs space. 

He is showing you that he can’t be there for you and everything in his life is his priority. Not exactly traits you want in a partner. 

but you have been handling everything long before he came around and you can and will be able to handle it all if he’s not around.
Info please

How new is this relationship? 
Is it just 4 weeks ?
No idea how you  got to the conclusion that I think parents can be abusive or yell at their kids. 
I never even mentioned parents, I spoke to how a kid can rebut a parent or elder. 

If you look at his edit, he’s been taught to say yes every single time he is spoken to. Where most of us took it as normal parent/ child interactions where there is a dialogue. 

Idk how your parents spoke to you or others, but parents most time don’t go right to yelling or berating. They ask the child to do something, kid either does it, if it’s a reasonable ask, or question why do it, why right this minute, why can’t it wait, etc. 

My response explained how to answer back, in a respectful tone. Not something that includes sarcasm, yelling or with attitude.
If you were trying to catch her listening to you, you should have made up something. You were talking to your husband so make you something about your house or car. 

You chose to tell your unflattering opinions about coworkers. Of course those things would get around. 

So if you really don’t care if all your coworkers don’t like you, then n t a

But if you want a drama free workplace then y t a - but why would you want that?  It makes no sense.
Not a moron. 
Sometimes it helps if you lay the pill longways, ( if it’s not round) so it’s less wide going down.
Oh I def didn’t understand it to mean that. 

So this is more of being told to do things - get me a soda, play with your brother, stop the video game, etc. 

I thought of it as more like the cranky old neighbor lady yelling at kids to stop making noise while they’re outside playing. 

Sorry then, what you describe is odd to me as I didn’t have this rule with my kids. I’d ask, they’d either do it or tell me why they can’t do it this second but will get to it.
Why didn’t you just tell the doc you have an aversion to pills. 
It’s not a rare thing. 

Children routinely have meds in liquid form.
Expressing displeasure in a respectful way is fine. 
Respectful being not yelling, not resorting to a sarcastic retort, and not speaking with an attitude. 

You want to have a discussion with an adult, show that you can have a discussion. Not a hissy fit. 
You might not get your way, but you’ll at least have gotten your say.
YTA just for accepting the no contact clause when you divorced. 

You might be ok with just 9 days a month, - sorry this is in no way a “decent” amount, but I do wonder if you just got tired of fighting and gave in. 

As far as asking to see kid when he’s with MIL, is that actually illegal or just not right based on custody? 
I wouldn’t do anything to get myself in legal trouble.
 Wait the 6 mo and go back to court to revise custody. Child is old enough to recount what was happening at dads. 
I’d be shocked if full custody is not awarded. 

And just to be spiteful, I’d see if there was any way to get gf charged for throwing kid out in those conditions. 

Dad can get sort of a pass because child not wanting to ever see them again is sweet poet justice to me. Or if gf’s charges somehow get linked to dad, he can deal with that too.
Im not giving a judgement, but I would highly suggest you separate the kids. 
Have each one sit opposite each other. There’s 4 of you, one at each side of the table. 

That will cut down on the boys being in each other’s face and being ha day to the other. 

I’d also suggest redirecting any conversations when you think it’s not dinner topics. Ask about school, hobbies, tv shows, anything to keep them involved and interested so they don’t go off track. This may mean you have to ask Q’s just to keep the convo going. 

They’re just rambunctious young boys who are doing what young boys do. 

I guarantee they will not be talking about pee, poop, or burping while on a date.
Could be an excuse, but why pick the one thing he knows would hurt you in that way?  It’s almost cruel, you know. 

He may not want marriage with anyone at this  age. While it seems that’s where this would lead, as you say its normal in your families, he may just be thinking he hasn’t dated around enough, hasn’t really sowed his oats as they say. 

But thats a diff conversation that should have been had. It’s hard for some people to think that the someone they met as a teenager is going to be the person they would spend their whole life with. It scares them. They panic. 

Please don’t think of him as the only man you will ever have these feelings for. We all think it’s the absolute worst thing that could happen- at the time. 
And when we look back, after marrying, we realize that person would not have been as great a match as we thought. ( at least I did). 

Take some time for yourself. Let yourself grieve the life you imagined and then move forward. Cry it out, rage it out, whatever you need to do.
Let’s just say that what he says is true, that he didn’t find you attractive- (which is kind of hard to believe because at 15, that’s usually the first thing that attracts you to a person, it’s not their mind). 

But anyway, even if that’s the case, what usually happens is as you get to know a person, their physical appearance doesn’t really come into play. You find the whole person attractive and their physical becomes a non issue. It’s not a deciding factor. 

So yeah, i can’t believe someone I spent 3 years with coming up with that, of all things, to use as a reason to break up. 

You deal by realizing that this one relationship is a stepping stone to the man you ultimately will be with who loves you for all of you, not just  your pretty face.
You don’t. Why would you? 

Their aftermath is not yours to deal with. At. All. 

You block and move on and deal with your own feelings about the break up on your own. 

You’re long distance, it’s not like you’ll see this person all over town. 

Listen to your therapist. Your guilt will guilt you right back into a coupling that you do not want anymore.
NTA. 

Sam isn’t smart enough to realize that she’s in the easier classes? 

Really? In HS? 

The issue is sam feels inadequate to her sister. She knows she’s not as smart and has to make herself feel better by focusing on grades. 

Has Emma never actually said to Sam “ you only get A’s because you’re in the stupid class?”
Come on, Emma knows who’s the smarter one. 

Your wife was wrong. Why does she need to coddle Sam? I’m thinking mom knows Sam isn’t too bright. 

You need to take Emma out for pizza and ice cream now too.
The flags are only banned on city owned buildings. 
Individuals and businesses are free to fly pride flags. And they should be painting that town in flags. 

If you vote in a majority Muslim city council, whose religion doesn’t support non heterosexuals, and were voted in, according to the article, to combat anti Muslim sentiment, you had to think there would come a time they would vote according to their beliefs. 

Have we not come to the point where we know our elected officials are not voting and doing what their constituents want, but what their own personal feelings on an issue is.
Leave him alone. 

You broke up with him in the heat of the moment- take that as your gut telling you this is the right thing to do. 
Always always go with your gut!  

You admit you were an emotional wreck and arguing all the time. Take this time to straighten yourself out. 

He’s probably ok breaking up as he was tired of navigating this unstable relationship. 

Sometimes things just run their course.
I have a diff take on this. 

Why is your partner crying to her parents that she needs support for? 
Gf seems to be doing ok, long term bf, bought a house, what is the problem. 
And you seem to know all the answers so why can’t you handle her problem? 

You say they were raised to be insecure but I’m thinking their hands off, “ you’re not a failure, don’t be daft” answer to sis is akin to saying stop your whining and get on with your life. 
Should they have been dissecting every minor complaint they’ve had growing up and solving all the girls problems for them?  

I think you and possibly by your influence, your gf is expecting coddling when the parents are more no nonsense people. A handle your own stuff attitude.
You cannot stay with her just because you’re afraid of hurting her. That is literally the worst reason for staying together. 

What good does that do for you or for her? 

Just rip the band aid off and break up with her. The sooner you do it, the sooner she’ll get over it.
It hasn’t 

as shown in this article. It’s from 2021 with a 70% approval. 

https://news.gallup.com/poll/350486/record-high-support-same-sex-marriage.aspx


This article from this year shows a 71% approval

https://news.gallup.com/poll/506636/sex-marriage-support-holds-high.aspx
Where was she going? 
Or she just walked around the block?

If the pap have her in their sights, you’re gonna tell me they didn’t follow her to her destination? 

Everything is always fake.

ESH

You because as nice as it seems to spend the day with just your wife and kids, you also have a father.  We’re you not planning on seeing him? 

So I fault you for not realizing that you would want or at least should want to spend some time with him for FD before agreeing to your wife’s “plan”. Even if you would have planned for seeing him on sat. 
Why didn’t you suggest that when your bro called? 

Your wife because obviously talking about ending a relationship just because you invited your father ( and bro) over for a few hours on FD is the most ridiculous thing I’ve heard in a long while. 
And the fact that she’s going to punish you by taking the kid to her cousins shows that maturity doesn’t come with age. 
It’s not like she planned some elaborate day where having visitors would upend the whole day. 

There has to be more to this, and I’m thinking it has to do with your wife  not seeing her dad on FD?
Civility. 

Seriously, it’s as if after staying home for a year everyone turned into nasty self centered brats.
I also don’t moan about anything teens do. Publicly that is. 

But to my SO, I’ll comment when I see someone else moaning, but only when it involves destroying someone else’s property. 

Idc if kids are loud, running up and down the block, even fireworks, normal kid and teen things, but it bothers me at destruction.
But how could she NOT expect the gf to show up? If nothing else it gives both of them a reason to come visit with family. ( and I’ll bet the gf was the one who actually went out and bought the gift) 

Around here baby showers are for the women, men are never invited. And If they are, they usually have a golf date that day! 

Anyway, OP planning her own shower after the baby is born just feels… off somehow. 

Unless it’s a cultural thing, as someone mentioned, where showers are not a thing before the baby is born, why didn’t her mom throw one? Maybe moms not as thrilled with her D having this baby. 

I hate to say this, but it seems like a gift grab almost. Sort of like a come celebrate me.
Ooh good luck to you also. 

Im hoping since we get to buy before the public, we might actually have a chance.
Thank you!
Yeah I saw that, which is what prompted my question because I never paid attention to the process before since I knew I wouldn’t be there. 

But I’m kind of excited now that we may be able to go.
Keep your own space. The idea that you’re asking and aren’t sure means that you know that’s what you really want to do. 

Why don’t you just keep the apt that you’ve been given while the renovation is taking place? 

This way you can have as much or as little time apart that you want. 

You’ve only been together 9 months and you are so young. I’d be a little leery about giving up my newfound freedom too. And if you move in totally, I also think you’ll never be moving out until you break up.
How do you stop it?

You ask to see the last 3 or however many tax returns, you ask for a pay stub from each of the previous 6 months, you ask for any investment and bank account info, and you ask this for anyone who will occupy the apt. 

And then you follow this up every year. You can’t renew your lease until you produce all these docs. 

In addition, the city should be verifying all this info. Why are they taking someone’s word for it? 

You want a cheap(er) apt, it’s up to YOU to prove you’re eligible.
Oh I’m sure her very good best gf gwyneth was just dying to let Meg in on all her secrets to building a successful empire. 

Which really means she has absolutely no idea what she’s doing. Again.
They can market and ask whatever price they want. 

Doesn’t mean anyone will actually book them.
I don’t know why this isn’t more understood-

Because federal student loans- the ones that were paused- are capped at a total of ( not bothering to look again for exact number) somewhere around $35-40,000 for undergrad. Slightly more if you are eligible due to being low income, (having a pell grant maybe?)

The reason peoples debt is so large is because they took out massive private loans, which were never, ever going to be cancelled. 

So its getting really tiresome to keep hearing about crippling student debt, when the federal ones are not even the ones causing the problem.
It was just ok for me. 

I just wanted the rest of the original top gun class to show up for ice man.
Is there no income verification each year that allows you to stay? Like if
You make too much money you can’t rent that stabilized apt ?
https://www.sparknotes.com/lit/gatsby/plot-analysis/

Not sure if it has vocabulary, so you might need to just look them up.
The only thing I’ve kept is a photo, but it was an event for me, not them, so it’s kind of like… my memories? in a sense. But it’s stored away with other crap from my past. 

I have a bracelet and charm that I’ll wear, but not the necklace or earrings that match. Things from my H are much nicer anyway. Not quite sure what to do with them.
“They” are the unknown, unnamed, group of people who undoubtedly will benefit from whatever the conspiracy is.  

Who of course have wealth and connections to actually make the conspiracy happen.
Adult children also, but a couple are still home so we take them out to dinner. It’s always been our thing, even when they were younger tho. 

It works, we all get a nice meal and spend time together. 

The one not at home gets money to take themselves out to dinner with a so or friend. 

When they’re all married or living with a so? Idk what we’ll do.
The problem with that is, the reason you joined those subs in the  first place is that you are interested in that topic, subject, whatever drew you there in the first place. 

If you unfollow the subs you like based on this protest, your feed will be full of things you don’t care to see or are not interested in. 

How is that fun?  I follow the things I like. Why would I want to only see the things that don’t interest me? 

I don’t fully understand the whole protest ins and outs, but I thought I saw where some subs won’t be coming back? and others are only dark for a few days? 

I’ll wait it out and see what happens.
Thanks
Sorry to cut into this thread but-

If it’s going to be read only, what will there be to read? Posts that were made before the blackout? 

And if there’s no posts allowed, will there even be any responses to the post? 

Thanks if you know.
NTA

she has no intention of getting a job. Why would she? 
She gets benefits and does nothing. 

Seriously- she can’t go to the employment appt because she has to rearrange her room? What else is she so busy doing this week? 

And to boot, she somehow has, what appears to be, a pretty decent bf who is willing to work. 
Oh and make and break all her appointments for her. 

She’s just waiting till you can support both of you. 

Do not let her move in with you. Even if she initially has a job. She will quit that job and you’ll be stuck. 

I really hope you get that job and move away.
NTA

Is there some reason why your ex hates you so much that she won’t let you see your kids more? 

Is this standard custody in Japan? If it is, do you know the rationale for it? 

You can ask her to swap FD for the baseball game, but I doubt she’s gonna give it to you. Take the game, it’ll be a nice activity with your kids. 

How old are your kids, maybe they can mention to their mom that they want to see you more.
Because this generation is lonely, but also alone. 
They want love, but can’t find it, or keep it.
Could you ask that one of her friends leave their car for you to use? 
Do you know these friends? 

Im not a big fan of using other peoples cars, but the friend is getting their transportation provided for the trip and their car will just sit around for 2 weeks. 

I’d also only use their car for work. You’ll have access to one of your parents cars in the weekends.
Thank you for taking the time for that explanation!
Can you explain this please?
I thought the subs were only going dark for 2 days and then will be back up? 

Are you saying that some? most? subs won’t come back at all?

And one more please? Does each sub pay to have moderator bots? So if they raise the price the sub won’t be able to afford them so people can just post anything in any sub? 

Sorry I just don’t know much about all this.

Oh and thank you
In going to be brutally honest here. And I’m sorry for that, but you need to hear it loud, clear and not sugar coated. 

You do not owe that man not one more minute of your time. 
You have been abused and manipulated for 15 years- that is half of your life. 

You got out, that shows how strong you are. Now take that strength and cut him off. He is no longer your concern. He’s a grown man and can figure out how to do life without you. He won’t starve, and he’ll eventually figure out the rest. 

It’s very telling that he has no friends and doesn’t speak to his family anymore- gee, could it be that everyone who meets or knows him knows what kind of person he is?  

Please stop doing for him. He will try to manipulate you back into his life and you will be right back to where you started. 

The next thing to work on is selling the house. Why shouldn’t you get your half to help you move forward. 

I wish you nothing but the best, but you need to stay away from him.
She’s been alluding to a surrogate scandal forever. 
If she knows something then just say it already!  Or stop the baiting. It’s getting old already. 

Idk what they had to do to squash any info coming out, about the kids and her past activities, but there has to be a loophole for it somehow. It’s just gonna take one brave soul to spill it. 

As far as her ambitions- there is no way, never, not in a million years, that wannabe celebrity is ever going to get anywhere near the Oval Office. 
It’s a preposterous notion. One I think Lady C just made up. 

She has neither the intellect or connections to even begin to think about this. She can’t form a coherent sentence, never mind dialogue with other world leaders.
Why would he be mad? 
You complimented his gf. 

If she is pretty, you won’t be the first or only guy to notice. This is a no big deal thing. If he’s mad, that’s his insecurity.
Don’t contact her. This isn’t just all about you. How selfish can you be? 

If you could be totally honest with yourself, the only reason you want her back is because you don’t want to go thru all the steps to meet someone new. 

You say you’re willing to marry and have a baby with her now, but those were things weren’t even on your radar after seven years and you were living together. 

So you’ll do those things and find you’re unhappy with your life anyway. 

She deserves better. She deserves someone who absolutely wants to build that life with her. And that just isn’t you. Don’t waste anymore of her time.
NTA

You are legally adopting this baby. 

In any other adoption scenario your cousin would not have any standing to make demands on a name. Just because she knows you it’s pretty bold of her to think she can. 

I realize Emma is only 15, but she is old enough to understand how adoptions work. You need to reiterate that this child will be yours and your husbands, and that Emma or her mother will not be involved in any decision making in regards to this child. Now or in the future. 

This is why family adoptions are messy. The bio parent is always around, hovering, criticizing, and the other family members are chiming in. 

I really hope you don’t live close to these folks because I def see trouble in the future.
NTA
She certainly expects a lot huh? 

And I have to say it, you are setting a really really bad precedent for any occasions going forward. 

What gave her the idea that her bday should be an elaborate affair of surprises and planning and spending. 

It is simply unsustainable.
https://www.cruisecritic.com/articles/your-guide-to-cruise-line-age-policies#:~:text=Passengers%20under%20the%20age%20of%2021%20must%20travel%20with%20an,18%2B%20in%20the%20same%20cabin.

Sorry, it seems like you need to be 21 in order to sail alone ( no parents or guardians) with most of the major cruise lines. 

I’m not sure what consent form you are seeing but the ones I know are if one parent is cruising with a child without the other parent. 
Or if someone is taking a child that is not theirs, grandchild, son or D’s friend, those type things.
https://faq.ssa.gov/en-us/Topic/article/KA-02017

You can request a new card online.
You’ve done what a lot of others haven’t done yet- you lost the weight and kept it off!  Good for you. 

As far as lifting weights, you just found out that type of exercise is not the one for you. 
List 3 other types of exercise that you think you might enjoy. Try out the first for a couple months and see if it satisfies you. If not move on to another. 
You’ll find one that you will enjoy and it won’t feel like a chore to do.
I think the seamstress is just saying come in for a fitting when you’ve lost whatever weight you wanted to. 
She’s not saying to lose more weight. 


It makes no sense to come in, have the seamstress take in the dress, then lose more weight and take it in again, and repeat. 

This isn’t a case of just taking in a seam, wedding dresses can have some unique properties that take more time and more expertise to alter. For instance, if there is beadwork on the bodice, the seam can’t just be opened, cut and resown.
Oops I forgot about the dress thing. 
Ok so sis didn’t know. 
Sis is in the clear now.
YTA

It’s really not that hard to make an excuse for not drinking, or just say you don’t want to. That you don’t like champagne, not in the mood. There were a million things you could have said other than to confirm. 

Or, just take a sip. One sip is not going to hurt anything. 

Or you could have announced a month earlier so by the wedding it would be old news. But I’m guessing sis wanted you to wait until after her wedding, which is selfish also.
In order for slim fit anything to look good the person wearing it has to have a slim body. 

It won’t look good or fit well if you have an average body type. 

But can we talk about the awful trend of mens suit pants stopping above the ankle?  Why?  I hate the look. 
Pants should meet shoes.
Why are you trying to hang onto this guy?  He doesn’t seem like such a catch. If you’re not happy with him, then get rid of him. It’s common sense. 

Better to be single and happy, than paired up and unhappy.
Just to point out, this person ( who I’m sorry, idk who she is, other than obviously an actress)is having numerous others testify on her behalf. 

Notice H had none. 

That’s the way you try to prove  a case. Not with I felt, must have been, I don’t remember, possibly, I’m speculating, etc.
Is there any way others can win their cases but H’s is not won? 

Or is it all or nothing because I’d hate to think he’ll get a win judgement, not based on the merits of his case, but by piggybacking on others much stronger cases?  

Because we all saw he had absolutely zero evidence that his phone was ever hacked, but I guess we have to see what the others present as evidence.
It’s very simple. Money equates to security. 

That doesn’t even mean you have to have a huge salary. Doesn’t mean you have to live a grand life, you can live a very minimalist lifestyle. But you need to have some money saved somewhere. So if there’s an emergency or a crisis, you’re less likely to panic. 

Which is why we all should have an emergency fund.
Her schooling actually makes you look worse! 
You actively dissuaded her from going to college with a bribe. 

And if there was no stipulation that she couldn’t leave the house vacant you really have no legal leg to stand in for cutting her off from the house and the monthly payments. 

Do you even slightly like your child? 

We’re taking a month long vacation, I hope my adult kids don’t take that as abandonment and change the locks!  

Think about everything you have done and put your daughter through. If indeed you and your wife feel everything you’ve done is appropriate, then you two def deserve each other. 

Now you can sit on your pile of money and assets as you grow into old age alone.

ESH

Im not really sure I believe some of this. 

Your d was homeschooled, but she was in a gifted program, but she isn’t educated. Which is it? 

Her telling anything to your niece that could have legal consequences was obviously wrong, but what was your wife doing that she shouldn’t have?
I actually hope the d and niece rat her out. 

Then you lied about it to make the situation for your d worse and force her to settle out. As lawyers you sure did take a huge risk doing this. 

Then she dares take a trip and you decide that violates the terms of the settlement and kick her out and cut off payments. Was that even a stipulation? 

I cannot imagine two more vindictive people. And worse you’re both vindictive against your own daughter. 

Im wondering if all that wealth you’ve built up was actually earned legitimately. You two seem to have found every possible loophole to destroy your d. And when there wasn’t one, you lied to make one. 

I’d hate to be your client.
If your husband is falling asleep and waking up later than your 7 yo, he might want to see a doctor. 
That seems like an unusually high amount of hours of sleep for him to need. How ever does he handle waking for work and getting thru the day? 

It’s great he loves his job and all, but it can’t be to the detriment of every. other. single. thing in his life. 

Time for a heart to heart. He needs to be contributing more to this family than a paycheck- you can do that alone.
I think I see where you’re coming from. 

I can of course state that phone hacking is of course an absolute horrific thing to happen to anyone, and obviously illegal. 

So, if we assume he was hacked, it’s awful 
BUT-

if we think about it, Harry really hasn’t been caused any real, quantifiable harm. Can anyone point out any real harm that has been done to him? 

He jumped into this case just to rail against the press. He doesn’t like what they print about him and he wants someone to pay. He didn’t like how they covered his mom and in a sad twisted way he has to defend her too. 

Did anything come out that was so abhorrent that his life was irreparably damaged? 

No. He did what he did, his relationships went where they went, and all these things would have happened anyway and they would have been reported on. 

He would have had the same exact things written about him anyway. - we would have known he broke his thumb, that chelsy broke up with him, that he had gotten a lap dance, where he was staying, that he met with flack…
All these things would have gotten out anyway. Nobody lives in a bubble. 

Again, I’m not saying that the hacking isn’t awful or illegal, just that for him, (idk about the other defendants) he hasn’t proved it occurred, he just wanted another wingefest.
How did you let it get to this point? 

You do this man’s laundry, take care of his dog every day, he doesn’t clean, you do all the planning and cooking. 
And you pack his lunch- is he a child? Does he not know how to make a sandwich? And to boot, he was unemployed when you met and you thought he was such a great catch that you supported him for the first 6 months. That in itself should have given you an insight. 

Did you think he was just suddenly one day wake up and he’d become a responsible partner and split the chores? 

And now you’re stuck. You signed a lease with him. Can you get out of it and stay where you are? I’d do that. 

Now let’s move onto the way he spoke to you- 
The FIRST time a partner  tells me to F off, f myself etc would be the last time that person ever saw me. 
Never mind the disrespect, if he doesn’t have the skills at his age to have an argument without resulting to insults then he never will. His insults will get worse. 

Think long and hard about if this is a person you want to have a life with. 
You *know* the answer, you just feel stuck because of the lease. Not a good enough reason.
Instead of thinking that your bf is so much more accomplished than you ( and that’s kind of a weird way of putting it), start turning those thoughts around to how well you have brought yourself up since moving to this new school. 

If you think about it, he’s had every advantage all through school, whereas you’ve had to come from behind to get where you are. Who really is more accomplished in that scenario? I’d say that would be you. 

No sense worrying about what you think he would think.
NTA

You needed to eat. It was dinner time. 

His unusual eating habits are his own to deal with. 

It’s nice you asked but I would have ordered anyway. 
He could have gone out for a walk while you ate if it would bother him so much. 

And calling names? That’s a big no. Happens once? I might forgive as long as there’s an understanding that it never ever happens again. 

I don’t name call, and if my partner can’t have a disagreement without name calling it shows me that they have no valid argument, and has to result to hurting me on purpose.
Nothing I said was overly rude. 

Every other comment has said you’re making more of this than need be.
YTA

You seem to think of Laura as a SIL instead of a step daughter. while technically that his true, this little girl most certainly thinks of you by now as her dad figure. She’s been in your life since she was 5. And now at 12 she has to deal with and try to understand why this guy whose always been there is suddenly pushing her aside because he now has his own kids. 

it seems as if your parents accepted Laura as a grandchild, and Laura thinks of them as her grands, which is really lovely when you think about it. 
You should be thrilled your parents think that way. 

To have a visit with the grandparents means all the grandkids. 

You might need to rethink your mindset with regards to Laura.
This is weird. 

Does she celebrate her friendships with anyone else? No? Then why is this one person so…. special? different? important?  that she or they feel the need to mark the date? 

So, what did they do, hook up one last time and then decide, hey tomorrow we’re gonna start our friendship, so no more sex? 

One of them is still looking to either become FWB again or more.
This is probably the tiniest thing you or your wife should be getting annoyed about. 

Seriously, does your wife really feel slighted over a meaningless affirmation on a holiday that has nothing to do with your fam - they are neither her mother nor is she theirs. 
You should wish your wife ( on behalf of your child) and mother a HMD

Has your wife ever made an actual effort to get closer to your fam? I’m gonna guess no. She, and you just think your fam should fawn all over her just because you married her. It doesn’t work that way. 

Did you call or see your mom for MD? Did your wife extend a greeting to her?  Even if she just shouted it while you were on the phone with mom. 

I’ve been married a very long time so here’s some advice-
These close relationships to your spouses family take time. 
It starts small and grows. My MIL is now one of my favorite people. I have no problem picking up the phone and chatting. But in the beginning? As in the first bunch of years, No way! 

Stop looking for things to back up your claim that your mom and sis aren’t close with your wife. Accept the relationship and let it grow organically.
I thought I was the only person who just went with one other for my dress. 
It was my mom. She had 4 D’s and that was her “rule”. She’s paying and it’s just us. The only opinion she had was if the fabric was cheap, cause I would have never known.  

I also think your dress should be your decision, it shouldn’t be made by committee. The bride shouldn’t care if nobody else likes her dress as long as she does.
I thought the same thing!  No way any of their kids would have white blonde hair. 

Even did some google search to check. 

The best they could do is strawberry blond from H’s red gene and her, if by some teeny tiny chance has a recessive blonde gene from her dads side. 
Thomas has dark hair as a younger man and I’m thinking Samantha dyes hers blonde because she has dark eyebrows.
Im confused tho, you woke up he wasn’t there. So did he come home to take you to lunch and go back out? 
Are you sure he’s actually working? 

Did you tell him you wanted to do X,Y and Z on this day? 
If you know he keeps taking these jobs on the weekend, then you have to plan for him to block off that day. 

You can always take the kids and go do something significant with them. 
Rent a car if you have to.
Calling out means the person didn’t show up for their scheduled shift. 

They called to say they weren’t coming into work.
It’s so odd to us older people isn’t it? 
A signature had to be cursive. 

Somehow it always seemed, at least to me, that it made it more official or something!
We just had a discussion about this. 

Here’s a thought. And I’m sure I’m overlooking a lot of things. 

So AI takes over some jobs, ok it’s inevitable 
So now those people are out of jobs. 
Ok, they’ll find something else to do or retire or retire early. Because as it stands now, we’ve got SS, retirement accounts, etc. but these things are all based on, at one time having a job and in most instances, putting aside some of our income to fund these accounts ( except SS, that comes out
of our paychecks) 

But then AI begins to take more and more jobs. 
Now we have, I won’t say millions, but possibly 100’s of thousands jobs being done by AI, which means that same amount of people are unemployed. 

How do they live? Do we institute UBI? 
But where does that money come from?  And how much money is enough? 
And even more importantly, what do these people do all day? Do we really want this amount of people just sitting around all day long with nothing to do? Yeah hobbies, travel, etc. but don’t people innately want to have a purpose in life? 

We can say raise taxes on companies, because they no longer have to pay out as much in salaries, but we all know companies aren’t going to want to do that. Why? Because their stock price is based off their earnings. And the stock market is one of the leading indicators of the state of the economy. So it’ll be an extremely hard fought battle to win. 

We complain about not enough “good” paying jobs now, what’s it going to look like when there are literally NO jobs left to be had and a UBI that allows only basic living?  
If we think we have a great divide between wealth and poor, it seems it would only get worse maybe? 

I think there def needs to be some serious forethought to all this before we just replace anything with AI. 

As I said, I’m sure I’m missing a lot of the ins and outs, but just looking ahead at possible pitfalls.
So basically, if she never says or does anything to upset or annoy him, all will be well. 

She’s got her head in the sand and thinks placating him will make it all ok. 
But no one can placate forever. There will always be another thing the kid finds fault with and lash out because of. 

Personally, I’d leave. I realize you love your wife, but sometimes that is not enough. You also need and want a partner, one who will allow you to be an equal partner. 
You can still have a relationship with your wife, it’ll be more like dating again while you live apart. 

If she wants you to stay out of it, then stay way out, as in separate households. 

You don’t say how long you’ve been together, or I’ve missed it, but it seems it’s been years. 
What was he like when he was younger? You say you’ve been to his sport events so I’m going to assume he hasn’t been a loner stay in his room anti social type kid. 
What has changed and when?
Yea just those 2 things.
What feelings of his are you supposed to care about? 
-That he got caught cheating and had to end it?
- that you’re upset at him because of the cheating? Or the lies?
- that you’re a bit difficult to deal with at this time due to his cheating?

What feelings of his are even remotely justified? 

Why would you even consider forgiving cheating and lies? 
Once you do, he’ll just continue doing whatever because he knows you’ll forgive him.
You knew that your parents would cut you off if you didn’t marry a Muslim, yet you continued in this relationship. 

I can understand this to a point because your SO had expressed maybe converting.  But when it was becoming serious, you didn’t have those really hard conversations as to how you were going to manage the religion issue. 

You two need to sit down and discuss exactly how a marriage would look. Can you practice without the support of your spouse? Can he? And if you both can, how are you going to handle children? What are some things your or his religion expect from a spouse and are they things you and him can live with? 

These are the things you need to work out now. Do not leave anything unsaid. Do not agree to a compromise if you or him are not 100% willing. 

Then tell your parents what you’ve decided, how your marriage will look, what parts of your religion you are keeping and which are you foregoing, and let them know it’s up to them to embrace your marriage or not. 

Explain that it’s your life and they are welcome to be a part of it or not. This is the person who you love and want to build a life with. And if the thing that will drive them away is religion, then that might not be the loving religion you were brought up to believe it is.
You cannot make her get help. 

You need to decide if you’re willing to stay with a partner who refuses to get the help she needs or not. 
Think long and hard about this- you may be enthralled by her now. But that’s not to say you cannot love another. 

Has she actually been diagnosed anxiety and depression or did she just decide this on her own? 
And now she’s adding possible BPD to the mix? Why? How did she come up with this? What is she gonna add in later on? 

If this has been going on for all of the 2 years you’ve been together, it’s time you tell her she needs to get a handle on her issues. 

You cannot sustain a relationship always being the carer for another, and you cannot constantly prop her up when she gets negative thoughts. 
Aren’t you exhausted by now? 

My advice- tell her she either gets herself together or this isn’t gonna work for you anymore. Maybe she needs to see that it’s not really working as well as she thought.
 to apply a cover up you’d have to use a make up sponge with liquid make up. 

I’d imagine your eye is pretty sore to the touch. So just dabbing on enough make up to cover the discoloration and then blending it might hurt.
 NTA

He’s ridiculous. Does he have clean clothes to go to work? Does he have food in the house? Does he have happy, healthy and we’ll adjusted kids?  That’s what’s important. 

Being a SAHM does not mean you are his slave. You are his partner and your kids mom. One day with no housework is the absolute minimum you should be taking to recharge. Hell, even if you just want to devote a day doing kid things with your kids.

I’d try the makeup first. I’m not even sure you’ll be able to get the discoloration covered as it might just be too painful to even apply really. 

Im not a fan of the eye patch, that’ll draw even more attention 

Sunglasses for when you’re milling about before and after the ceremony waiting for the reception. 

I’d call your friend and explain what happened and send him a picture. 
Give him a few ideas and see what he says. 
I’d apologize just to apologize but it’s really no one’s fault, it was an accident.
If I was the bride I wouldn’t care. Things happen in life. 

Do as much as you can with make up and then they can have the photographer photoshop it, if they can. 

Try to take as many pics as you can that show the left side of your face. 
So like you’ll stand on the right side during the ceremony,( looking from the back of the aisle). Most bridal parties stand sideways so you’ll be ok there. 

Most bridal party pics have the b&g in the middle and the boys on one side, girls on the other. Ask if they’d mind if you stand slightly to the side. 
The bridal party doesn’t take all that many pics anyway. It seems like a lot but it’s just to get the best pic. 

Coming into the reception if the B& G are accepting of it and depending on how formal it is, ask if all the guys can wear sunglasses, or even the girls too  It’s not unheard of the bridal party doing a fun or funny entry dance. 

Once the reception is underway, everyone is more relaxed and you should be fine. 

Sorry this happened, it looks painful.
Then why are you dating someone that you have to walk on eggshells 
around?  

Let her get furious, she’ll just show you even more that she is a terrible partner. She’s not the last girl on the planet. 

You’re too young to get into the mindset that your gf has to be happy happy happy all day every day, and that it’s your job to do that. 

You’ll meet and date people that you will realize are not for you. Might take a little while to realize it, but that’s what dating is. 

She is one of them from what you wrote. 

Don’t stay with her or anyone that makes you unhappy or frustrated, or makes you have to constant worry about how they will act.
Stop apologizing when you did nothing wrong. 

But start calling her out on this crap. 

She tells you she’s tired, you say to get some sleep. She takes this as you telling her what to do!  

In what universe is this you telling her what to do?  

Your response should have been more in line of “ you said you were tired and couldn’t talk. So I said ok go get some sleep. Stop taking your crappy mood out on me. I’m not the bad guy here”. 
Of course, my response would have been “ you know what? Call me in about 5 years when you grow up. I’m not dealing with your crap” 

But that’s up to you. 

It’s only 2 months, find someone less moody.  Stop placating bad behavior or it will never ever stop.
Well you tried to avoid ruining the mood your sm makes, so instead both her and your dad made a stink about not wanting her to make a stink. 

You just can’t win!  

You should tell them you’ll go. And when she makes a stink about whatever, get up, have them pack your meal and go home. Don’t say anything to them, just leave them arguing.
In the grand scheme of things, this is very very small. 

It’s a birthday, we all have one. 
if you think about it, it’s not that monumental of an event. 

You know who should be upset, if anybody should? 

his parents. They are the only people for whom that one date is monumental. 

Let this go, his bday happens to fall at a time of year that is conducive to a cabin trip. If he’s done it with the boys before you, I’d give this one to him. 

You don’t have to spend your bday with him, but don’t do it just to be spiteful or petty.
NTA

You really didn’t cancel anything, his friends started leaving at 9. They effectively cancelled it. And I do t blame them, who wants to wait hours for the bday person to show up?  

What possible excuse could
Your bf have for being that late?
Keep it for the reminder of him, but sign up for your own account. 

You’ll get the discounts and whatever benefit the points get you.
All the stuff that went on with her dad before the wedding sealed it for me. 

The idea that her family wasn’t “good enough” now that she bagged a prince told me everything I needed to know about her.
It’s only been months. 
I wouldn’t be so keen on tackling her debt as a couple just yet. 
See how it goes over the next year or so. 

If she’s one to charge a vacation, I’d reconsider. If she’s one to pay towards her debt and save for any experiences, I might be ok with that. 

Just pay attention to her overall level of okaynish with having massive debt. That would be a better judge of what you’d be in for long term.
The problem with holding it all in - to the one person who you should be able to voice these things to- is that when you have reached the end, it’s the proverbial not the right time. 

If this is your person, issues, problems, things that he has said, done, didn’t do need to at least be voiced *at that time-*  even  if it’s not discussed and resolved at that exact moment. 

So even if you say I’m not happy about X but we’ll talk about it, whenever,at least he has an inkling that it’s not all sunshine and roses. 

So I’d say wait till you are a calm enough to bring up the issue, while also saying that from now on you’re going to let him know you’re not happy about whatever and are going to voice that displeasure. 

Don’t put off an argument or a disagreement solely for the fact that you don’t want to rock the boat. Rocking the boat will show you and him whether this is the person for you.
I’m not giving up my husband for anything unless it means life or death for one of our kids. 
And even then, I think he’d be ok with that.
Karaoke is so much better when the person can’t sing but looks like they just enjoy belting it out. 

They always get my loudest cheers!
It really starts from birth. 
We raise children, but what we really do is teach them. 

Babies cry, sometimes a lot. We don’t yell at them, but we pick them up, we rock them, we talk in soothing tones-
“ Aw sweetie, what’s going on, why such a big cry, etc etc”. They calm and all is well. Now, just your actions might or might not have had anything to do with it, but it teaches the parent to stay calm and deal with the situation. 

A 2 year old is rambunctious when they should be even slightly more calm- put ‘em in your lap, talk quietly to them “ we have to sit here for a bit while X is happening. Look over there, see that thing that’s oh so interesting, do you like it, see it’s blue like the sky etc etc… 

By 5, they have learned simple appropriate behaviors for situations. They of course have their moments, but again, you engage them, you redirect, you don’t just leave them to their own. 

Sounds so simple but it’s hard because its consistent, but I’ve done this with all 3 of mine. I didn’t even know what I was doing, I only can look back and think at what I’ve done. 

A calm parent is a calm child 

It was never just yell for them to stop. It was talk and ask and explain, over and over and over.
Sorry, I can’t get off the money issue, 
I won’t say anymore after this. 

So he needs to have a certain level of savings, so your level of savings ( or even just expendable income) has to decrease to subsidize his. 

So what happens when he reaches this mythical amount of money? Does he spend some, and on what, so he then has to earn more to replace it. Or does he increase the amount he needs so he still can’t pay his fair share? 

You can do whatever you’re comfortable with as far as your money, but I’d never pay into a shared life unequally so my partner can hoard “ his” cash. 

Do you ever feel like you’ll be subsidizing him forever.
Why would I want to forget it? 
Every one of those events have made me who I am today. 

If there are bad things you wish to forget that you’ve done or happened to you, you make peace with it and move on. You can’t change them, you don’t have to rationalize them, they just have to be a blip in your journey.
Then why the heck are you contributing more? 

He should be paying his fair half if for no other reason than to make up for his lack of companionship. You need all your money to do things without him. 
Kidding, but not really.
My sister would have laughed right along with me at the first comment. 

The moron one was over the line tho and I would have had to say something to my daughter. I wouldn’t go as far as to punish but she’d def be apologizing. 

And I’d have a chat with D about where and when she can be sarcastic, or snotty, or rude. 
Teens push, but they need to be checked too.
Being that you contribute more financially, I’ll assume you have a higher paying job than him. In what way do you contribute more? 

Is it possible that bothers him and that’s why he works so much overtime trying to make as much money as you? Does he feel “less than” in some way?
Remember that small and diminished feeling when he comes calling again. 

Over a bottle of water - how is he going to make you feel when you have an actual problem?
It’s only been 6 mo, you’re moving away in 2 months. 

Why are you trying to save this? 
You’ll be away from her and if you think she won’t find another guy to fill her time while you’re gone, you’re just kidding yourself. 

You’re obviously more into her than she is to you.
NTA

Honestly, why do you even care what she thinks of you? 

You’re broken up. Be glad at this point. You won’t have to put up with her abuse. 

You have to live there, but that doesn’t mean you have to engage with her. Cook your own meals, do your own laundry and clean up only what you mess up. 

And I don’t know whose cats these are, but if they are not yours, you don’t have to do anything with them either.
I’m not really sure where you’re getting the idea that she’s trying to buy your love. 
Do you not like or get along with her?

does your dad also say not to worry about paying toward the house bills? 

I’m not quite sure why your mom would say anything. Is she upset you live with dad? 

It is possible that dads partner just genuinely wants you to not worry about bills, wants you to realize that this is your home. She actually sounds nice, she buys you the foods you like when she shops and picks up book she knows you would like. 

I feel like I’m missing something.
Do you really need us to tell you that your wife cuddling and kissing another man is cheating? 
Ok — it is. 

I really hope when you separated your wife was the one to leave. Im sure her cuddle buddy won’t mind her moving in. If not, I’d get right back in that house and figure out a way to divorce. 

Take a job, any job until you can find one in your field. You need an income. 

I have no interest in what she says is the reason for the breakdown of the marriage. She’s a cheater, and cheaters make up reasons to justify their actions.
Have you or someone you love been in a hospital lately? 

You do realize that hospital nurses are pretty much the first line of keeping you alive yes? 
Idk about you, but that’s worth more than any salary they can get. 

They do all the messy grossest duties. It’s not at all “here’s a pain pill go to sleep so I can chill”. These people work all shift. There’s always someone to tend to. 

I know I could never do that job, I’m just grateful someone else can.
YTA

the only way she’s going to be confident driving is -  get this—

BY DRIVING. 

I know, weird concept. 

You won’t take her, but you won’t do what needs to be done to let her be able to go by herself. 

Decide one way or the other, you want her to be able to drive herself or you drive her on your day off. 

And start letting her drive on residential streets. I wouldn’t put her right onto a highway ( like they did to me in drivers ed, second time in a car), but she needs to get out of the parking lot. 
The faster she progresses the better for both of you.
Why is this person threatening you? 

If you think the threat has a reasonable chance of happening, file a report with the police. 

They probably won’t do anything but its been reported just in case the threat comes true. 

Oh and don’t go anywhere alone. Always have a group around you.
We always had libraries at school. 

Are they still there? Are they all digital?
NTA

Haha! your brother and his wife  aren’t very self aware are they? 

I hope you let him know all the years he and his wife tormented you about your weight is the absolute reason you can be rude to her. 

Good for you!  

To all saying E S H-
She was a teenager being made fun of by grown adults. That in itself warrants her clapping back. 
Gross.
Does she know this? 
Time for an honest convo about where you two are. 

She may think you are going to be a cute little family and you’re over here thinking you’ll take care of the baby, because you’re going to do that right? , but this is not going to turn into a living together and being a couple. 

It’s not unheard of that a hookup gets pregnant, and you both comparent, but not have a relationship.
I’d have to ask him about it. 

If he was that drunk, it’s possible he doesn’t even remember it and continues  to hang out with these people- who are clearly not his friends. 

You’ve known him for 4 years, does he look 20 or 16?  Do you recognize his clothes as what he wears now or in the past. Look for little clues as to a timeline. 

Or he knows it happened, and it was a one off that his friends were just screwing with him because he got so drunk. Way way too far but idk these ppl. 

Either way it warrants a conversation. 

He may be embarrassed, but if he can’t discuss it with you, after 4 years together, I won’t say it’s a problem per say, but you two should be able to talk about pretty much most things by now.
Right now I’m kinda obsessed with married at first sight. 

It’s a train wreck but I can’t help myself.
Does it not seem odd to anyone that -

you live outside of the country, your godfather gets diagnosed, decides to rewrite his will and —-

The only person GF told he gave you your inheritance already was your brother—-

The one who got everything! 

I’m calling shenanigans on your brother. He’s gross. Taking advantage of a sick old man.
You’re broken up.  Stop obsessing over did she or didn’t she cheat. 

What diff would it make to know at this point anyway? 
Will you be more angry? And what purpose will that serve? 

Being angry at your ex will do nothing for you except hinder your moving forward. 
Do you want to be an angry ex to any other girls you might meet? Cause that’s a sure fire way to stay single. Nobody wants a bf who is stuck in the past. 

Block her and her friend. Move on.
But they’re not that young if he gave them cars and expensive trips. 
And they all still have their college fund. They lose nothing while he’s still alive. 

He didn’t say how many nieces and nephews he has, but his wealth seems to be enough that even if they don’t get the whole thing, they will all still be getting a nice chunk of change.  It’s his million dollar insurance, investments and his home and a summer home!  

It’s sad really that these young adults are so selfish to think he shouldn’t leave his daughter the bulk of his estate. 

I wonder if anyone from his family has ever expressed any happiness that this man is becoming a father. They all know how they felt when they had their kids.
This is your first relationship and it has moved way way way too fast. 

The find my iPhone thing would have been an instant break up. 

If you break up, her mental state is not your concern. What did she do before you were around? 

Anyway, what you need is some time to yourself. 

Stop picking her up every single day. 
Go back to your 3 dates a week. 

You will have time for yourselves, and will also have things to talk about when you get together. 
Maybe you should join a club or activity so you meet some people, you need other things in your life besides her. 

And tell her that you will not - note: will not - entertain her ridiculous amount of texts throughout the day. She can either stop sending them, or be prepared for them to be ignored. 
You are an adult, you have a job. You can’t be watching tik toks all damn day. 

You have to make your boundaries very clear to her or she will run over every one of them.
You need to have a talk with his mother. Is she as worried about him as you or is she ok with what he’s doing? If she is worried then you two need to decide what to do next. 

If he has a therapist, maybe it would be worthwhile to make sure they know what he’s been saying. 

Maybe he needs in house mental health care. 

I’m sorry you’re going thru this. It’s painful when your kids are struggling.
You are the teacher all teachers should aspire to be. 

Good job school dad. 🏅
If he had a draw I’d just throw them in, but it feels… odd? to just throw them  on a shelf all willy nilly. Idk. 
Now I feel like a weirdo!
I’m a woman and I do like your gf, and it goes in a draw. 

But I do the laundry and I fold my husbands underwear. Boxer briefs are bigger than my bikinis and have more structure to them. 

His dresser is a tall one so he has shelves on the top, where his underwear and socks go on the top shelf, behind doors and deep drawers on the bottom. 
So he stacks his undies, so in  order to stack they need to be folded. 

Makes perfect sense to me.
I agree. 

The idea that she’s more worried about talking to him is a problem. 

She might find that after spending however long/24 hrs with hubby she might actually enjoy alone time. 

And she gets to hang with her gf’s for her bday and talk about the wedding and honeymoon. 

I realize tho that some people feel a certain way about their bday, maybe she’s one of them. 
Me, I’ll celebrate whenever. Just wish me HB  on the day and were good. I don’t even want a gift, just take me to dinner.
I tripped coming down stairs and broke my tibia. 
I sprain my ankles pretty easily so I 
thought it was just that. 

Hobbled on it the rest of the evening and until midday the next day. 
I was on vacation at the time. 

Had a cast up to my knee and was told no weight on it at all. 

Got home a week later, went to ortho and the break was stable so I got a walking boot and had to go for physical therapy. 

It’s been a little more than 4 months and the swelling is gone but I still feel little twinges in the ankle or leg at times.
Age doesn’t really have anything to do with it. 

I started with just store bought readers, probably around 40?

When they stopped working, I needed rx glasses. But at that time my doc did say that I probably would need distance glasses as I got “ not so young”- (he never said the word old)

Now I wear progressive lenses all the time cause I can’t see near or far.

I’ll admit, I still hate wearing glasses. I never feel like they look good on my face. I’ve also never wore sunglasses for the same reason. 

I asked about contacts, but that was a no go too.
It’s been a month. If she can’t compromise so you both can schedule your daily call earlier at this point, she never will. 

Schedule a 15 min call at 8 pm. Then she can both go do whatever. And you can go to sleep when you need to. 

Also, texting is ok too. You don’t have to have marathon calls every night.
Of course they did. 

Have to keep it till the 11th our so both sides can tout their “compromises”. And their “thats what we were proposing all along’s”

This whole routine is getting old.
I think it doesn’t matter that it’s  a “you feel” as opposed to her feeling that way. 

She’s not going to admit she’s just with you for the lifestyle you can afford her, so it doesn’t  even make sense to ask. Add in that it’s difficult to talk to her about money? Why is that? 

You think this relationship isn’t an equal financial partnership, in addition to not feeling this is a romantic pairing anymore. 

She’s a gf, not a wife. There is no reason you have to stay with her if you want to move and go back to school. She supported her D before you came along and she can go back to doing just that. 

You’re going to work part time to basically help support her and her D. Why would you do that? You’ll be gone 5 out of 7 days of the week. 

It’s time you decide what you want, not what you think is the “right” thing to do as far as gf is concerned.
NTA

I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that. 
We do it frequently in my family and we all live about an hour away. 

We just had a child’s bday the day before Mother’s Day and we all gave the moms their gifts then. 

No sense driving on sat, seeing everyone and then driving again on Sunday. 

Just give your dad a heads up that since you’re making the drive for the graduation, it’s silly to do it again just a week later. He shouldn’t have a problem with it.
NTA

he’s afraid you’ll expose him as the abuser he is to the gf. 

I might accidentally on purpose run into gf at daycare one day. If at least ask the daycare people about her. Does she seem like she’s nice enough to your D? 

Doesn’t the daycare realize that all of a sudden someone new is picking up D and using her dads pin to do it? 
You would think they would want to know who she is, give her her own pin, and have a contact number.
Stop trying to find your one and only. That will lead you to settling just so you have someone. Which is why you maybe stayed in an emotionally challenging relationship for so long. 

Take this little break to analyze what it is you want in a partner and what you are not willing to put up with. 

This is especially important for people who had less than easy relationships, you don’t want to get back in the same routine just because it’s what you know. ( does that make sense? Wasn’t sure how to put it) 

When you feel you are at your strongest, then you can put yourself out there and start dating again. 
And maybe you can be the one to go after the person *you* want to be with. IOW, ask out the guy you want to get to know instead of waiting for him to do the asking. How many guys do we not date because they didn’t ask? 

It’ll happen, maybe when you least expect it.
But is he in therapy?

It’s great that your bro adopted an older kid, but he had to know this child would come with some issues.  It’s been years, what are they doing to help him?
Then that’s what you should do. 

Move out to the country. 

You two are never going to agree on lifestyle, and be assured, where you live will dictate your lifestyle. 

You’ll stay in London and be unhappy and years from now, you’ll realize you should have left years ago.
NTA 

as long as when applying for this job, your wife knew there would be travel. 

I can’t imagine you went thru the application, interview process, and accepted this job without talking to your wife about it. 

But also, it’s only 4 days with one almost 4 yo. Why can’t she handle that?
I would tell her that instead of making excuses as to why she thinks he’s still open to the idea, she needs to just ask him. 

It’s a simple, do you want kids?  That is either a yes or a no question. Not a discussion. 
Although we all know he doesn’t, she needs to hear it point blank.
Why in the world would you volunteer that info? 

There’s no reason for her to ask specifics of your where and what you did with a past gf and it’s kind of gross that you even told her. 

Maybe you should think about having some respect for the woman you date and not go blabbing. A gentleman never tells.
👏👏👏
Reditt has a mix of everything. 
I like seeing how diff generations deal with issues. 

There’s funny, sad, stupid weird crazy posts. It’s amazing to see glimpses into how people live. 

And sometimes I feel I can give sound advice, you know, from being soooo old!
Buy bitcoin. 

This was said in the very beginning by my 20 something son. 

But at the time I knew nothing except I thought bc was being used for things on the dark web. 
And since I don’t even know how to get on the dark web, thought there was no reason to buy. 

Yeah, missed out on that big time. 

Now I listen when he suggests something, especially when I don’t know anything about it. Don’t always do it, but I listen.
Does your state have ACA insurance?  
I’d look into that first. The subsidies really can make it affordable. 

But I’d start with just a regular doctor visit.  It may be something simple as an infection. Try to find a clinic in your area.
So he’s okay with you feeding him, but has a problem when you offer to feed his gf who just happens to be in the house. It’s not like you only cook when she’s there. 

Why? Is he afraid you’re gonna steal her with food? Is he afraid she’s only hanging out with him because you feed her? 

 Ask roomie what the problem is. And then stop doing what he doesn’t like. 
If that means not feeding her, then stop feeding him too. 

You sound like a great roomie. You mow and offered to wash their cars?
Who does that? You’re like southern hospitality on steroids.
So I saw that there are 175 or so winners of this award. 
Surely they all can’t make an acceptance speech. 

So my Q is, is TW slated to say something? 
And if she is supposed to talk, why her? She’s hardly the most esteemed of the list of winners. 
I can understand others going to meet and make connections, but no one wants to meet or connect with her. She’s hardly the “it” person at this point. 

On the other hand, might be nice if she went and was shunned. But we’d never know that anyway.
Dont feel bad, I think the same thing.
NTA

How did a bunch of 14 yo’s get to a cabin 2 hours away?
Someone had to drive them. 

And who leaves a bunch of 14 yo’s on their own? 

The girl whose cabin it is had to have known there were no beds in the cabin. 

Everything about this was a mess from the get go. 

You did nothing wrong. You had company who were taking up sleeping space in your home. 

And if you had a bunch of young girls sleep in the house with you and your friends I guarantee someone would have had a problem with that too. And that optic is worse.
What kind of work do you do? 
If it is mentally taxing that could be why you’re exhausted. Don’t discount the amount of energy you expend by literally thinking and problem solving. 

If that’s not it, then you have the classic “ a body at rest tends to stay at rest”. Get up and walk around every hour or so. 

You also work 6 days a week!  

And don’t go home and just sit - do something, anything. Even for 15 min at first.  Walk around the block, do 10 push ups.
I have been down the ALF and NH  road with my sister. The diff is, she is disabled and had zero assets. 

Can you clarify something please. 

Assisted living costs $6500/ month

But you said your dad has an income of $6800/mo. Does this money include his 401? 

He has enough income to pay for this. 

Why do you think he can’t afford this? 
He of course is not ever going to be able to give your brother any money. Ever. Ever. Ever. Again. 

He’ll have $300 extra every month. You can bring him what he needs from this money- deodorant, clothes, etc. 

When his money runs out, he can apply for Medicare and I know they cover nursing home. Not sure about ALF, ( I think only if disabled, but even then, we had to private pay for 2 yrs before my sister qualified) 

Your dad may well be ready for a NH by the time he’s 86. 

I think this will work——
If he can pay cash for 6 or more years, he can transfer the house now. Then it won’t be in the look back period. Make double sure what the look back period is. ( I think it may be longer, but I’m going with this time since it seems to be the consensus in the comments) 

Also, when you move him in, go see the social services office. They should have one. 
Explain to them that your dad is private pay, his house is not needing to be sold in order to pay his bill and no one from the facility should be talking to his dad about it. At all. 
Have them put it in his admission record. Watch them do it. Explain that Linda is pushing this and it’s not going to happen. 
You might want to get a POA for your dad. That way, he can’t be held if he signs anything.
I love a sweeter breading on pork. It just seems to go together. 
I haven’t done Frosted Flakes just because I don’t normally buy that cereal. 
Try adding some crushed almonds to it too.
NTA because OP’s fiancé, bro to the sil was in agreement with how everything was planned. Did his sister go complain to him I wonder? 

It doesn’t really matter that sil blocked this couple. 

In a couple of months they won’t ever be seeing each other because this couple is banned from bringing their baby to any family functions anyway -

Let’s see how long that lasts. No one can tell me that grandma isn’t going to want to see that baby at Christmas. 

And op, if your in laws want to do separate holidays so sil doesn’t have to see your baby, I’d advise against it. We are either a family or we are not.
At this point send 1 group message to anyone who has your number. Then block all of them. You don’t need this crap from anyone. 

I’d mention the fact that none of them contacted you when your bf of 4 yrs disappeared when you were pregnant and both him and his mother ignored repeated attempts at contact after that. 

Then mention the repeated attempts after the baby was born and passed. 

Then nicely mention they can all go to hell.
NTA. 
How old is this guy?  
I wouldn’t let him in either, even if I heard him. This is lower than even basic adulting. 

He remembers to lock the door and that doesn’t instantly make him realize he needs a key?

You can always tell him to wear his key on a string around his neck like the latchkey kids always did.
Not going to be popular but oh well. 

Honestly, I think your wife is just done with parenting altogether. It’s easy to just say go out and play. 

You  bathed them, took to urgent care, went to pharmacy, made breakfast -and she hadn’t even gotten out of bed yet- then you still had to go fill the prescription. 

And then she gives *you* attitude? And decides she isn’t talking to you? 

Im all for giving the SAHP a day to sleep in and taking over the kids, but when my spouse tells me it’s urgent care time? You bet I’m up and seeing what’s going on. Has she always been so irresponsible?
This relationship has run it’s course. 
It’s extremely common when ppl start dating as teens. 

But you are an adult and you have to know that cheating is not the way to get out of a relationship. That’s a cop out. 
You knew on some level exactly what you were doing and you thought this would be a sure fire way for your gf to break up with you. I’m shocked you were the one who had to tell her. 

You haven’t said much about your gf reaction. Is she not upset? How could she even want to still live with you? 

Are you planning on living together until sept?  That’s a mistake. 
Doesn’t your school break for summer? Go back home or find someone who has a graduating roommate and move in there.
Me too! 
Just never liked her.
Maybe it’s time to lay out everything sis has said and done to you, to the kids, if they don’t know. 

That way they will know to stay away from sis and not believe anything she says. 

They are old enough to make a decision not to be around their aunt and I’d expect them to decline any invites where she will be. 

Your H can go alone. He is the one who didn’t put a stop to this nonsense from the very beginning.
I can understand partner worries about transitioning in that climate, but what op is asking about has less to do with that. 

The way I read it is that each one of them is asking for reassurance about the other still wanting to be a couple. It’s their personal relationship they are worried about

And in that case, the transitioning one is not really reassuring op.  Why shouldn’t both of them be each others support? OP’s life is drastically changing also. She is going from having a male partner to having a female partner. It’s a lot to handle and their concerns shouldn’t be discounted just because she’s not the one going thru the physical transition. They need to know that during and after transition their partner is planning to still be there. 

OP, you need to explain to your partner what you’re feeling and thinking. Your partner should be doing everything in their power to reassure you when your insecurities creep in.
I don’t think I’d want anyone in my home without me being there, even if you know half this couple. 
Isn’t it kind of understood that you’d all be going back to your home together at the end of the night, that’s what I would expect if I was the friend. 
Maybe call your friend and ask her to thank her bf for the trinkets. You should def acknowledge it. 


I always wonder tho, you spent a few hours with this new person, did any of you actually try to talk to him, get to know him? 
It’s hard being the new one. It’s natural to be the more quiet one in this setting. 

If you did and he didn’t really reciprocate or try to keep the convo going, then great. But usually it’s the group just doing their thing and expecting the newbie to just join right on in, which if you’re not an outgoing personality is hard to do.
If one wants kids then it’s not going to work ever. 

If it’s a matter of spouse just wanting to sponge off the other then you have to decide if that’s a dynamic you would be happy with. 

If you can afford to live on one income, and the stay home person is willing to look at doing all the domestic upkeep as their job, and the other will be ok with that, then maybe try it out. 

But if one feels that no one should be a stay home person then again, it’s not going to work. Someone will always be resentful.
Ooh how good would it be if no photogs even bothered to take her pic. 

She gets out of the car- no flashes
She walks to the door- no flashes 
She walks out at the end- no flashes. 

That would be awesome!
Conventional wisdom says don’t quit until you have another job lined up. 

So that’s what you should be doing. Use your unhappiness about your job and homelife to give you that push to find another job. 

I’d you quit with nothing lined up you will be home all day in a place that makes you miserable. 

You have an education so you should be able to find something else. 
And don’t just take anything, find something you think won’t make you miserable, but also that will allow you to move out, even with a roommate or
two. 

Don’t just go thru life. Start taking a pro active stance with your life. It’s the only one you got.
That’s all well and good if you want to believe that, but the second I walked in and saw everyone else I would have had some questions of my sister. 

And I wouldn’t have stayed after such a blatant disrespect of my relationship. 

I believe your (hopefully) ex gf, never mind fiancé, knew all along. There’s no way she hasn’t been around or talked to anyone in the family or friends in the lead up to this marriage for it to not come out. 

Why you are still with this person is beyond me. You obviously aren’t her number one, and if I’m marrying someone that’s the spot they should be in.
Well, I’d like to think a 4 year old knows the word beautiful. 

One of mine was reading by then, who do I call to get an article about them? 

It still just blows my mind that any, and I mean ANY publication would print obvious puff pieces that have anything to do with these two. 

I can’t be bothered to check cause I really don’t care, but did either of these two publications cover the chase, non chase? Or do they just exist to go give platitudes.
Oh, did you think she was actually going to *do* something? 

I’ve figured her out. 
Since she’s a woman and self proclaimed activist she thinks that is enough to get *other*people to do something. 
She just collects awards, while others do the work.
I can understand her wanting stability, you have a child together and she wants to be married for all the protections that come with that for her and your child. 
So give her a wedding, maybe not the one she wants, but one you can afford. 

Stability in a relationship is more about the innate knowledge that you’re in a partnership. That person is there, for the long haul, through it all. It’s less about the stuff you have. 

But stability also comes in another form. And keeping even one of the properties will give you instant financial stability in the future if the need arises for an immediate need for a large amount of cash. 

A luxury apt is nice, if it’s well within your income level to purchase and upkeep it. Which it isn’t because you have to sell off both your safety nets to afford it. 
Not to mention, one is your childhood home. 

Or would stability come from owning an apt that is easily affordable and you can then save more for experiences you both may want in the future? Travel or hobbies or extra activities for your child. Or if you have another or two or more children. Kids are expensive! 

Im one who has always believed to live below your means, without denying myself certain things that I want, and save as much money as possible. Investments and building wealth will always trump bigger,better, or more expensive every time for me.
Just something to think about.
NTA

It’s absolutely astonishing to me that your gf wants to sell property as part of financing a wedding.  And not just 1 property, but both of them. How big of a wedding does she want and how expensive of an apt? 

I could maybe understand, maybe selling the apt if it’s not a place you or her do not want to live, maybe you can’t live in the country while working in the city, or for whatever reason, but  in that case, proceeds from that sale should be used only to buy something where you want to live. Even if you have to finance the rest. 

The country house would be a wonderful place to have as a respite from every day life in a city. 

Talk to her, it seems there’s more to this. Is she looking at expensive, luxury apt’s when you normally wouldn’t be able to afford and wants that as status?
You should have cancelled the weekend with your sister on wed or Thursday when you realized you are not up to having visitors. 

Idk about the secondary stress, but if you can’t even get off the couch I really hope your sister isn’t expecting you to entertain her and the kids. 

Why would she even want to come if you are so sick? that’s just risking her and/ or the kids getting sick also. 

Do yourself a favor and lock yourself in your bedroom until you feel well enough. Sis can use your home as a base and take the kids out to do whatever she wants and she can feed them on her own also. I would never still visit if I knew my sister was so sick. Your sister is being selfish.
Thank you for that.
It would take a bit of getting used to for sure. 
Nobody thinks how parents feel when the kids move away for their careers, or just because they want to try living elsewhere. 

And I think it really depends on how often you saw them. We’re in the same state as our parents and sibs, but they both live an hour away. We see them a few times a year each, holidays, birthdays, etc. 

We def think about that when we talk of moving away. Like how often do we really see everyone and we can just travel back.
Yeah the whole thing with the cab and go pro was odd. 
We’re they originally stopped for a red light? Or did they just get into the cab? Either way, you get in and take off. 

Why would the security guy in the cab get out to try to shoo away the one guy? All that did was make the cab stay stopped for a longer time, thus, more photos. 

And none of the three of them even tried to hide their faces. If you want to make the pics unusable, you don’t give them a shot, you give them the most unusable pose you can.
Yeah the whole thing with the cab and go pro was odd. 
We’re they originally stopped for a red light? Or did they just get into the cab? Either way, you get in and take off. 

Why would the security guy in the cab get out to try to shoo away the one guy? All that did was make the cab stay stopped for a longer time, thus, more photos. 

And none of the three of them even tried to hide their faces. If you want to make the pics unusable, you don’t give them a shot, you give them the most unusable pose you can.
I had heard it was because in coed classes, the boys were getting more attention from educators and the girls were kind of getting lost in the shuffle. 

Boys called on more for answers, girls questions not being explained to satisfaction, those sorts of things. 

So having all girls would let them be more involved in the lessons or discussions.
The problem I see with sending the photos to the friend is that you have no idea who else he’s sharing or showing them to. 

At least when your H shared he was in control, I’m assuming by just showing the friend his phone. 

And I hate to say it, but you shouldn’t need any affirmation from other men to make you feel good. I understand missing your H, but that could lead to a slippery slope and you might not even notice it happening. 

I would let H know and hope he’d blast the friend and I would let the friend know what his gf said. 
Then I’d send a scathing text to gf, then block her and the friend.
So wait- was there even any paparazzi trying to follow them?

The article says they didn’t want it known where they were staying so they were driven around for a over an hour- overkill much? 

But was there anyone actually even following them? It doesn’t actually say that. 

So then what- go to the police station to what wait for another car? Oh and they had to be escorted to the next block before they could get into them other car. 🙄

These two are only important in their own minds. 

So. Much. Drama. For absolutely nothing. This chick lives for pictures of her. Was she afraid someone was gonna break into her hotel room?  GMAFB!
Don’t be so quick to judge. Lots of younger kids gain a lot of weight right before they have a growth spurt where their weight evens out with their height. 

But when I see older kids within a family and all of them are overly big, then I wonder why the parents weren’t more conscious of the kids at least. Like they can be however big they want, but wouldn’t you want better for the kids.
Sandals are even better than sneakers. If you have a lightweight button down that looks great with shorts too. Roll up the sleeves.
The idea that you both have to see other people in order to know that you want to be with each other permanently makes no sense to me. 

There will always be someone else that either of you could fall in love with and that person becomes the one. The idea is that when you find a person you want to commit forever to, you stop looking. 

But you two are young, have been together since you’re teens, so basically what you’re both saying is-
you both want to play the field, sleep around and see if there’s someone better out there because you haven’t and you don’t want to regret it. 
And that’s fine to want to, most people do that in their teens until their mid 20’s or longer. 

Just realize this, be honest and verbalize this. 
If you want to pretend that dating others will be the catalyst to losing weight and solidifying that your current partner is actually the one, you might be surprised with the reality. And are you both prepared for that?
I think it depends on what you’re doing after the grad ceremony. 
If you’re going to a lunch at a decently nice restaurant, then please dress accordingly. 

If you’re only going to the ceremony to be there for a friend and not going out afterward, then I think it’s ok. 
( but actually, I hate flip flops in public, especially on men, so I really think you should put sneakers on).

How about nicer shorts, a polo and a pair of sneakers?  You’re still comfy, but look like you made an effort.
There are a lot of recipes that “ hide” veggies in regular meals. Try to look up some of them. At least he’ll be getting some nutrients that way. 

One I know is shredding carrot into meatloaf, so things like that.
Is it just a case of him not used to these veggies?
Maybe try to get some veggies that he would have from his home country so he’s at least eating something healthy. 

Does he eat fruit? It’s not a substitute but it’s good for him at least. 

Then you can try to introduce new ones. 
Be patient, everything is new to him and he’s only 10.
Info:

How long are you dating?

And is this your first serious relationship?
If you care for this woman at all, you would let her go. 
You want to go back to normal, but verbal abuse has no place in a relationship. 

You admit you have verbally abused her for all 4 yrs of this relationship. You are not a good partner because of your anger issues. 

You need to stay single, get some help for your anger issues, and only then should you try to have another relationship. 

You cannot solve your issues on your own and asking this woman to be abused more from you is cruel.
Late to this thread, but I’ve heard this is a new thing CCL is doing. 
It’s not so much an “offer”, anyone can earn it. 
I read something about it, but I think
It works this way-

As you gamble on the ship, you accrue points. You always had an option to convert these points to free play while on the same sailing. Points do not transfer to another sailing so it didn’t make much sense not to convert them. You did however earn some perks on the sailing. IE at 1500 points you get free drinks in the casino, you might get a steakhouse dinner or a spa service, but idk how many points you needed for any of them. 

Now however, the new plan is that if you do not convert your points, you are supposed to be given a certificate for the above amounts depending on how many points you earn. 
But I believe these certificates are used for a future cruise. 

So is it worth it? Idk. But I just play whatever I would normally play and whatever I get, I get. I wouldn’t overspend my budget just to get to the next level of points.
I’m harsh because honestly, I’m gonna take care of me first. 

What he does after you break up with him is of no concern of yours. 

At this point I’d send a text, tell him it’s over. You’re done. Tell him to get some help  

Then block him everywhere. 

And all those friends who hate you now? Once you block him, you can give them a heads up that it’s their turn to take care of him, you know, since they care so much. Then block them too. You don’t need these people in your life. I’d rather have no friends.
 NTA
It’s not your parents event, idc who is paying for it. 

Your fsil said pants or a dress. So you can wear the pantsuit. And I don’t know you, but a pantsuit will look great on you. 

Go and have a great time and after the wedding try and keep in touch more with bro and sil.
I have found that once I really get to know a potential romantic partner, their attractiveness, or lack of becomes a non issue. Like their personality just meshes so well with me that they in turn become, sort of better looking in my eyes. If that makes any sense.  I *know* this person would not be on anyones top 10 good looking list, but that one trait just isn’t a dealbreaker compared to the immense feelings when I’m with this person. 

But if you’re talking about do I have to find my partner attractive all day every day?  No. We all go thru periods when we’re not looking our best. Did we gain weight, happen to get a horrible haircut that changes the way we look, did we radically change the clothes we wear cause we’re in a weird fashion phase. 
Those types of things come and go. 
Take a good look at your partner when they’re all slack and sleeping, probably not the best look, but that is them, in a raw sort of way.
Im thinking it wasn’t malicious. More so that the two of you, you and sil are the baby’s main caregivers. 
Not great wording by mil. 

I love my mil but I would have laughed and said something sarcastically funny like “ wait, I’m the mom, I did the labor and have the body to prove it”. Or said to sil “ ok you get her when she won’t stop crying since we’re sharing anyway”. 


I cannot fathom why your h and bil were included unless the gift was a ticket for each of you to go out somewhere together. 

Are you gonna get a Father’s Day gift too?
Honestly, I usually don’t  care if the story itself is a bit disjointed, ill see if it evens out or I’ll even reread a sentence that “sounds” odd to figure out what they’re trying to say, but spelling errors are a non starter for me. 

A random one here or there- ok
Constantly? Nope, I just stop reading. 

You want to be a writer ffs, learn to spell or get even a friend to read just for spelling errors.
I want to know why you want to do this? 

Are you gonna wake up and have a couple shots in the morning or wait before bed? 

There is absolutely no good reason for you to do this. 

Are you making up for lost time, do you think it’ll make you a grown up? What?  

This just seems like a weird ritual to start.
This is what I would and have told my daughter. 

He can be frustrated, and rant and rave - about that thing- but he has absolutely no right to take it out on you. 

Get up and leave. 
You do not sit there and take it. 

You need to draw a line with him. Tell him in no uncertain terms that you will not be treated in this way. 

This is your first bf, know your worth and what you are willing to put up with and what you are not. And this is not one. Saying sorry does not negate the fact that he scares and hurts you. 

There are other guys out there.
Oh yes, I watch a lot of news programs. 

The one thing that always gets me talking back to the tv is when anyone, usually politicians, are on there telling me again what the problem is and blaming someone else, usually the other party. 

So ok, we all know the problem so instead of blaming someone else, tell me what YOU propose as a solution. 
I’d rather listen to a ridiculous idea than no idea.
Just give her back the money for her ticket and take someone else.
Wow. Had no idea about any of that so thank you. 

I’d be up for building a bigger building.
You don’t have to have a high credit line, but you could call your cc and ask them to increase it for a medical emergency. 

It might be helpful to call before hand and ask if that’s something they could do in the event of an emergency. Maybe explain that you have insurance and can prove that so they know you will have the means to repay. 

My policy is a pay now and get reimbursed. So if I have to go to the ships doctor, I pay and then submit for reimbursement. 

But for example, medical evac, I call the insurance and they make the arrangements. I’m not expected to lay out half a million for that.
“ what form of gov’t do we move towards”

Correct me if I’m wrong, but the system we have now was laid out in the constitution, so in order to change it to something else we’d have to effectively dismantle the constitution. 
Keep the “good” parts and change the “bad parts” 

That will never happen. 

Our system should work, there are adequate checks and balances to keep things on the up and up. 
But individual interests are always going to take precedent over the greater good. 

I’m certainly not educated enough to know where it all went wrong. And I suspect it’s been a long time of small incremental changes that have got us where we are today. 
But it would be an interesting discussion
From what I read and see, Middletown township has a really great special needs program. Like, people move here just for that. 
The problem is there aren’t a lot of rentals around, and home prices are high. 

I’d suggest getting a list of school districts, checking out COL, see if you can afford to live there and take into account what your commute would be and if you can find anything about their special needs programs ( don’t know if it’s published), but then join the Facebook group for those towns or cities and ask there. 
I’ve seen moms ask and the responses have been overwhelmingly positive. Those that have been thru it are the most knowledgeable of the ins and outs.
I think I remember it being this way- 

hospitals were so wildly overcrowded that the idea was that anyone who came from a nursing home and was deemed stable, or on the way to recovery could be sent back to finish their recovery in the NH. 
BUT, the caveat was that the NH was supposed to be able to segregate these patients away from the other residents until they were no longer able to infect others. 

If you’ve ever visited a NH, you’d realize that this is impossible to do. 
Besides there being no empty rooms usually, each resident has an assigned room, and as is the case with older residents, they know where they belong. 
Suddenly moving not sick patients out of their room in order to use that room for a recovering but sick resident will not go over well. (And vice versa - moving sick out of their room)

So I think NH’s took back recovering residents either thinking they could make it work, or knowing they couldn’t but we’re getting so much pressure to alleviate the hospital’s burden or, the NH only gets paid from Medicare when the resident is actually in house that they didn’t want to forgo that payment. 

I have a relative in a NH, and I will say, there is no way to stop the spread of any communicable illness. Most of the residents don’t even ever leave the home. Even just to be outside on the patio. Some more mobile residents can get themselves out there, but most need assistance and the staff can’t be bothered. And there are never any windows opened. Luckily mine never caught Covid during the major surge, (but we suspect she had it prior).
I get that *she* thinks she’ll get a payout, but it comes up so often that KC will be the one who pays that it just gets on my last nerve!
Again with KC paying her out. 
I really don’t understand what the rationale for this would be. 

Even if she has an NDA, she’ll never stop. She will find a way to get whatever she wants to get out, to get out. Another leaked letter to a friend? Anonymous friend source spilling info? Cryptic statements? 

It is not KC’s responsibility to get rid of her. 

What could she really know at this point? Nothing so earth shattering damaging to anyone but Harry. And I have no problem if she drags him thru the mud, it’s just karma coming back to him.
NTA

personally, moms attitude is crappy. 

You are supposed to fund a gift and a dinner for 4 people? 

Just make her lunch at home and be done with it. 

She’s taking this Mother’s Day thing way too far, considering she only has 1 kid who has a job.
Shes never going to see your side of it. She needs to be right more than she needs a relationship with you. 

Your partner needs to stop entertaining his mom. He needs to tell her if she has something to say to you, she should say it to you, not him. And he’s ending any conversation that goes that way. 

She’ll either get in touch with you or not, but your H being the go between at this point is ridiculous.
It doesn’t matter. 

Don’t analyze someone you are not dating. It’s exhausting. 

Move on. 

Nobody should have any patience for a constant on/ off relationship. We either want to be together and resolve our issues, or we go our separate ways.
NTA

You have two other kids in that house that you need to protect. Not that they need to know. 

I say you have every right to ask. 
He’s living with you and you are caring for him through this tumultuous time in his life, he should trust you enough with the information. 
But don’t say that and just accept if he won’t share his diagnosis.
Tablecloths because I hate to see the fold marks when it’s on the table.
NTA for keeping the letters, I would have also. 

Do you forgive him? The problem with lying is that once they lie, you don’t know what, if anything else, is true. 

Only you can decide if your relationship is real with him or not. 
What did he say about all of this- why lie about having a gf, why’d he keep the letters, what did she mean to him. 

I have an idea about why he lied but I’d like to know what he said.
So I’m a lot behind on this whole story, so if someone could explain please?

Phone hacking, I agree would be something to sue over. 

But, paying for a PI to get info any him or anyone else, just seems to me like it’s a normal course of events? 
So for example, if I’m a tabloid or even just a newspaper, how else could I report on a celebs activities if I didn’t know where they would be? Seems like to hire someone to follow them would be par for the course? 

Also, the suspicious phone calls- what made them suspicious? We’re they hang ups? We’re they asking for confirmation if the subject was going to be at a particular party, ceremony, etc? 

Sorry, but other than the hacking, is hiring a PI, even if it’s to follow someone, illegal?
Walk the strip and go into each casino/ hotel. It’s fun to see the diff theming.
NTA for trying. 
But I don’t think it’s going to do any good. 

You can try to occupy him when it’s usually “ her” days, but she’ll just change up her schedule. 

The fact that he proposed a poly says that he isn’t willing to stop seeing her and that is the real issue. Why hasn’t he? If he knows you are not happy with her specifically why isn’t he putting your marriage first? 

What did he say when you said no to a poly situation? 

She sounds a bit unhinged. You’re getting in the way of “ true love” and “ it’s gods will”?  
Does he not think these missives are a problem?
He may well be miserable in the gloomy, grey, cold winter time. It’s a thing. 

But also, some people don’t need to see their so every day. 
You guys see each other at work, so there’s no reason you need to be seeing each other every night also. 

When do you see your friends, do laundry, grocery shop? 

Pick one week night and make that your night. Wed is good. It’s right in the middle. Then you can decide if and what you’re going to do on the weekend. 

He’s telling you it’s too much, not that he never wants to see you again. Give him space.
So basically you just don’t want him to show up on Mother’s Day with a gift from your kids and then you all go to his moms like you’ve always done, because you had a fight and are
still not talking. 

If you successfully dodge him on moms day and he gets in touch on Monday what are you going to do? 

It seems like you’re trying to punish him by making him go to his moms alone. 

As for the picture, chances are his D is putting hers in front of yours. Find another spot. 
You don’t want to go on vacay with his parents bc of whatever happened last year, fine. But has that situation been resolved at all? If not, why would you ever entertain Mother’s Day with his mom? 
No key? Did you ask for it back or were you waiting for him to make a grand gesture over it? 

There’s a lot of passive aggressive going on here. 
Speak up. Use your words. 

Look, it’s been 9 years, it either works or it doesn’t. And it seems like it doesn’t work. Maybe it did for a time, but realize this, both your and his kids are seeing this and I’m sure it’s not the first time.
This is the way.
This is all what HE thinks. 

There’s not one iota of what he says that would show that he actually knows for a fact that the kids watched, or that the non existent party happened or that H tucked anyone into bed that night. 

So basically this is a non story. 

It’s really easy for anyone to say what someone else would do or thought or felt, but those  ideas are based off of what we ourselves would think or do or feel. 

Why even give this guy any interviews? Have they not caught on that he’s not reliable at this point?
Did they actually say that? 

Do they really expect you to never have another partner? That you should be alone and lonely while they go off and make their lives. 

We’re not talking about children here who are still living home. They should have some semblance of sharing a life with someone, especially the 29 yo. 

So If any of their marriages don’t work out they are never going to look for another partner because they might be replacing the first one? 

Your kids are being selfish by denying you the happiness you deserve. 

And I’m over here pushing my step dad to move on, and it’s been over 10 years since my mom passed. I want him to have someone to share his life with, why should he be alone?
NTA
But your dad sure is. 

 The first person he should have told is his wife. 
What does he hope to accomplish my telling you kids first? 
Is he hoping one of you will tell mom so he doesn’t have to? 

He makes no sense at all  what if he tells you all and takes his sweet time telling mom? Do we all just pretend all is well?  

Mom might not see it coming,  but she’s been as unhappy as him, she might welcome the divorce.
I need to know how this person knows their partner? Did the partner move to Nigeria after an in person relationship or is this an online thing? 

If it’s online, absolutely no way in hell should a parent leave their child to go meet someone they have never met, and I don’t care which country it is. 
But doubly if the country could be dangerous. 

If it’s a case of knowing this person and they had to live for a legit reason like a job, then I might go, but my partner would need to meet me at the airport and not leave me alone in an unfamiliar country. Doubly if it’s a dangerous country. 

Come on, this is basic common sense. Even if I didn’t have a child, why would I put myself in a dangerous situation in a foreign country?  

I have no idea if Nigeria is dangerous to travel to. I got the sense that you think it’s dangerous?
Yeah and we have no idea if that’s really what he said. I’ve seen 3 or 4 diff interpretations of the lip readers. 
I don’t trust any of them. 

I do find it hard to believe that H would talk about either his fam or M in this way so freely with Jack unless they have been in regular contact. Like was jack asking how are you and H went into a litany of complaints? 
Or has Jack been privy to any ongoing crap with M or the fam that they’ve previously spoke about. 

I didn’t think they had that kind of relationship, if they do it would be the only secret either Harkle ever kept.
Does your H understand that your dr has not cleared you to go back to work?  There’s clearly a reason for this. 

Explain it to him again, in plain english- (obviously his advanced degree isn’t in English)

“ I will never be able to go back to my high paying job that I love, that supports this family if I do not get myself mentally healthy. In order to get healthy I need to rest. And rest means not working a crappy job while you refuse to be a partner to me, and a responsible dad to our children. The answer to this is that you take over being the support of this family, as I have been for the past 10 years. 

If you cannot do that, then you are not the man I thought I married. That man would be worried that I had an actual mental breakdown at work. That man would be doing everything in his power to support me until I am better and able to resume my career. If that is not you then tell me now and I’ll figure out what my next steps should be. Because I cannot go on like this.”

Sorry but I cannot understand your husband’s attitude at all.
I don’t understand why anyone would change majors just because they aren’t getting straight A’s. 
That was the first mistake your kid made. Straight B’s gets the same diploma as A’s. 

So they changed majors to something they didn’t even like, that’s the second mistake. 

So now they’re miserable. 

Just let the kid quit this job. If they keep getting bad reviews they won’t have a job and they won’t have a god recommendation either. 

Let them come home, get some therapy if they need it and let them figure it out from there. 

This isn’t a hard decision.
NTA

First off, quit whatever job you have. Your health is more important. 

Does your H at least agree with the fact that the household needs an income that covers your bills, and even more importantly has benefits that cover your medically fragile child. 

This is a man who has a masters degree and is confused as to why he needs to get a job? 

So what exactly does he think the solution should be?
Too bad if it’s going to hurt her, someone always is going to be upset in a breakup. Better her than you. 

Break up, block her everywhere and move on. You’ll be better for it.
No because in order for her kids to experience anything like this she would be forced to—— volunteer—-
You know, like an actual act of service! 
And not get paid for doing it. 
Oh the horror!!!
You’re missing the point here. 

Establishing paternity is in your child’s best interest. 
If he is the father then you can file for support thru the courts and he will have to pay. That benefits your child. 

But if you just want to keep going back and forth with him, he will not just hand you money for the baby every month as he has proven. 

Split the cost of the test.
Massive massive YTA

In the event this is actually true, which I doubt strongly because no one can be this out of touch-

What exactly do you and your wife do in regards to your kids?
Your bro has been doing literally everything for your kids. 
Between you and your wife, you don’t even bathe and put the kids to bed. 
How exactly is him doing the kids laundry going to help you out so much?  Seems to me you have an over abundance of free time after work and on the weekends since you don’t do anything else. 

You do realize he has a job, and a life- that doesn’t revolve around YOUR kids. 

I really hope he just leaves in the middle of the night. I’d love to see how that next morning goes.
So he asks if her robe is heavy, whatever she said made him instantly uncomfortable. 

Maybe it was something like “it’s a small sacrifice for the family/ crown/family” or “service is a huge weight to bare” 

Or she really dug in with something like “ you’d know if you stuck around”.
 No there’s nothing to be embarrassed about. 

This relationship isn’t doing it for you anymore. 
You’re thinking is that there has to be a big reason to break up with someone, but you can break up with someone for any or no reason. 

Don’t stay with her or anyone you are not 100% invested in. . It’s not fair to you or them.
Found this:

https://my.clevelandclinic.org/health/symptoms/17771-bad-breath-halitosis

He needs to see a dentist and a doctor.
It’s possible that at 18, this LDR satisfied your emotional needs. And even just seeing each other intermittently was doing it. 

It may be tho, that at 20 it isn’t satisfying your needs and you need a partner in closer proximity. 

Or you’re just really bored with this girl. It happens.
Have you tried redirecting the conversation? Or has your wife? 
Do the other men also add to these little anecdotes? 

Sex conversations will and have come up occasionally, but they are short lived and not every time we’re with friends.  Thats an odd topic to always come up. 

Maybe the other women keep bringing it up because your wife never has anything to share. They’re trying to figure her out. 

Your issue is your frustration with your sex life, not that your wife laughs along with the conversation. 
It’s been 8 years, you must have some idea what is holding your wife back. Is it something that can even be fixed with therapy? If not, all the therapy in the world will do no good. 
Maybe you as a couple should see an actual sex therapist.
Gf is tah for not deleting the pic as soon as asked, especially bc they know op doesn’t want them to have those type of pics. 

And op is tah for physically restraining the gf. - (it should not have had to get to that point, but gf did challenge op to come get it, and they did).
So it seems as if your parents and his know each other.  Do they speak often? 
I ask because you said you argue with your parents over something and once they see they have no reasonable reason to say no, they back down and you get your way. 

I wonder if your parents can explain to his parents why they are ok with this trip, and maybe that would help his parents get on board. 

I understand it’s cultural, but you both have the same cultural norms, yet your parents are being more tolerable.
ESH

Just the fact that she didn’t delete it as soon as you asked is a problem for me. Especially that you’ve already had this conversation. 

Today it’s a picture, what is tomorrow boundary break going to be?  
I 
have to trust that my partner is going to respect me enough to not do things I specifically ask them not to.
YWBTA if you say anything now. 

This family is your uncles wife’s,  no?

Why would these people even be invited to your wedding? 

I can understand being close to an uncle and his wife- but her family? Other then saying hi and bye at occasions your uncle has, you can absolutely not invite them. 

Plus, you’re no where close to even getting married, so leave it for now.
I have no judgement because honestly I am not understanding this. 

Your friend wanted you to design her wedding invitations? 

We’re you supposed to draw or write one invite and then she’d what? Make photocopies and send them out? 

We’re you supposed to hand write all the invites? 

Is there a reason she didn’t just order invitations?
I would think he would be invited with a plus 1. And that would be you. 

I wouldn’t expect to receive my own invite to weddings of his friends or family. 
You can always ask, at least for his brother.  Wont you have to make arrangements with work?
Yes, I am in the hopeless phase right now. Im in the having it all planned out in my head and just need to start phase. 

Don’t give up just yet. 
You’re doing well with breakfast and lunch. It’s just dinner that’s messing 
you up. 

So maybe try telling your wife that’s a problem. She’s going to have to be supportive of what you’re trying to do or this won’t work. 

You can go out to eat, but watch what you order. Have a salad before your meal. Chicken or fish and a veg. 
Then when your meal comes, half everything in the plate. Only eat that and ask for a take away box. That’s tomorrows dinner. Box it up and be done. Have a coffee after dinner and maybe a few bites of your wife’s desert. 

When you’re going to eat at home, you’re going to have to plan for it. 
Grill up a bunch of chicken on Sunday. Use that for a day or two, add a salad or a veg. 
It’s ok if you and wife don’t eat the same things every night. There were plenty of times I cooked for the fam and ate a salad and added a protein. 
I almost always snack on nuts in the evening if I just need something to nosh on, I find they satisfy that need with a small portion. 

You’re doing so well all day long, don’t let the one evening meal mess it all up.
This was your tipping point? 

Not the time you spent working while planning for and having a baby and he did - nothing but tag along on vacation while you worked? Was that part of your plan, you can have a year off with the baby so he gets one too? 

I’m gonna guess that he isn’t making the same money you did and that’s why you need to have such a tight budget, but did either of you think maybe he should have been working last year and you could have built up some savings?  

You had a plan, but it had some holes in it. I’m afraid this is going to be a very long year for you.
You’ve been stuck for several years, coincidently you’ve been with the bf for several years. 

Is it possible that part of your dissatisfaction is that you cut your traveling plan short to stay with your bf and you’re wanderlust is creeping back in? 

You have been working so it’s not as if
he’s been supporting you. Not everybody is going to be so career driven or always have another goal to reach. A lot of people just fall into a career, find it’s pretty ok and stay with it. 

No one can tell you what you should do with your life, but you like traveling and have/ had a passion for it so maybe try to find something in the travel planning sector.  Or work for an airline to get the travel benefits. 

There’s also online teaching English which might be better than in class. 

I think there’s some kind of test you can take that shows what you have an aptitude for, you might try that and see if it gives you any ideas. Otherwise, just look at some job sites and see if anything sparks your interest. You might get lucky and find something.
What has he tried to do to get his weight under control that after 2 years he hasn’t been able to find something he can stick with? 

We all know exactly what we have to do to lose weight and control our cravings, and a lot of us just can’t be bothered, but when it becomes an actual medical issue that’s when it shocks us into action. Is he not actually scared about this health issue? Why not? 

You have to decide if you are ok with a relationship of no sex and a man 10 years older with health issues. 

At 24, it would be a no from me.
you need to have a serious talk with your bf. 

He wants to move and you don’t. Have you discussed this at all? Have you told him why you want to stay- your job, daycare and family support? 
What could he say to counter that? 

You live together but are on and off- how does that work when you’re off? Does one of you stay somewhere else?  Or do you just ignore each other on the regular while still living in the same place? 

Look, this relationship doesn’t sound very stable. It’s good that you are conscious of stability for not just you but also your child, but buying a house on your own with no discussion will not go over well at all. And I could absolutely understand that from his point of view. 

Have the tough conversations now. Nobody wants to have them, but you need to figure out what is going on with your relationship because honestly it seems like neither one of you are all that committed to the other. 
Once you figure that out, a plan going forward will quickly emerge. You’ll either both want to stay together and you’ll buy a house together, or you’ll go your separate ways and figure out visitation and child support. 
Whichever way it goes at least you’re both not in limbo.
That’s the only way I like them. Firm and crunchy.  Or dried is really good too. 

But I like all my fruit like that. There’s something so gross to bite into a fruit and the juice goes everywhere. 🤮
We only do it for final jeopardy if we need time to decipher the clue. 

During the game we just yell out the answers.
Your art is stunning!  
You are very talented.
So he keeps saying he wants someone on the same level as him in regards to some very specific things. 

Has it occurred to you that he threatens divorce just so you will bend to his every whim? 
Do you find yourself changing things you do after he threatens? 

You shouldn’t have to put up with a looming threat over your head every single the day from the person who is supposed to love you the most. 

Id tell him the next time he brings up divorce is the day I will be finding a lawyer. He needs to find a better way of communicating.
The old “he/she loves me so much they want to spend all their time with me” excuse. 

No, it’s weird and controlling.
5 pm for preschool- yikes!  

I still wouldn’t do it. It’s not your job. 

And frankly, you went to school to be a teacher not a bus monitor. 
I can’t believe the other teachers don’t feel the exact same way. 

This is an assistant problem, they can figure it out. I’d remove myself from the situation, give the assistants the number to call for a sub bus monitor and be done. 
If they can’t get a sub one day then one of them does it, you know, because it’s their job.
NAH 

So, greeting guests means what? After church when we walked out we stayed by the church doors and as the guests filed out we greeted them, thanked them for coming and they have their congrats. But this was both 
sets of parents then leading up to us. 

If this is what you’re doing why would you not have stepmom standing right next to dad while receiving guests? If greeting guests is a MOB thing, then I’d think it’s a FOB thing also? Are your new in-laws in this receiving line also? 


And it’s really not all that much trouble to have her in the room where you’re getting ready. I’m assuming your bridesmaids will be there also? 
This one seems petty to me, like there’s not really a reason for it other than exclusion 

And lastly, I’ve never seen anyone but the best man give any kind of speech at a wedding. (But that could just be the norm where I’m from) 
If your dad is making a speech then sm can stand up there with him. She doesn’t have to talk, but it’s the acknowledgement that they are together and she’s a part of your life, and his speech should reflect on that.
NTA

I wouldn’t do bus duty either if it’s not part of my job. 
As a lead I’m sure you have other teacher duties that you need to do after school or at home. That’s the stuff you do, and assistants do the bus. 

You have 4 assistants, it’s their job, so they can take an extra day each week. 

I would just tell all of them, not my job, I get car sick, and I’m not doing it. They are free to do whatever they want. 

What time does school end that you get back at 6 pm? 

This is really odd to me tho, where I live the bus company hires drivers and aides for the bus.

Any change in how they see him is only gonna change - if they see him-  

So If he wants any relationship with your fam he needs to start showing up. 

That’s really all there is to it.
So now I’m curious- does she print her signature on everything? 

Like I’m thinking a drivers license or bank acct application. 

My youngest is 26 and they were taught cursive.
The ex is certainly taking up a lot of space in your head. 

Why is that? Are you not secure enough with your bf?  How does she ever come up in conversation and what did he say when he told you she misses him? 

But if you just want to break up to save yourself some drama then that’s perfectly ok also. It may be your intuition telling you that this isn’t a forever thing. (Not that he’s cheating or anything, more a feeling of she’s always gonna be lurking somewhere and you just don’t want to deal with it.)
And honestly, it doesn’t seem like you’d be all that hurt if you do break up, so maybe you’re not as invested, which is good. 

I’ll tell you this tho, if you decide to stay, make sure you go to every family function. Make yourself seen. She’s thinking she intimidated you into not going- and she’s right. Treat her like she’s any other of sisters friend.
That’s not really an ultimatum tho, he hasn’t really given you any indication he’s into you but you keep trying anyway. Why? I’m sure he’s a great guy, but there’s not much coming from him. 

His indifference is telling you all you need to know. 

He’s not the last guy in the world, find someone who actually wants to be with you and stop wasting your time. 

Do you really want to be with someone that you have to chase until he just gives in? Then you’ll be here all sad because you chased and chased, finally got him, but it isn’t the grand love affair you envisioned.
So it’s not really about having an independent life, it’s all about having a partner. 

Well, to attract a partner you need to be a good partner. 

Your mh is bad but you aren’t getting help for it. 
You had a job but they cut your hours so you just stopped showing up, instead of getting a part time job since you had extra time to work. 

Take a second and just stop and think what you need to do to get where you want to be. 
Ask for help if you need, but no one else can just give you a life. You have to make one. Just like every other person.
YTA 

He’s 6!  He’s not a man and you shouldn’t be trying to teach him to be a man at his age. 

Honestly, you sound terrible. 
You can disagree with a book he reads, or any other issue, but you have a normal rational conversation with his mother and come to a mutual decision. 

She left over this. Even if it’s for a night, she’s got enough sense to leave when you show how absolutely unreasonable you can be. Next time she may not come back.
I mean no offense, but is there something about your autism that makes you not able to live independently? And if you don’t mind, how old are you? 

You need 2 things. 
A job and an apartment. 

Do you have a job? If yes then stay where you are for now and save as much as you can. 
If no, then figure out what you can or want to do and start looking for that work. 
If you can’t find what you’re looking for right now, take any job. The idea is to just start having an income. 

After you save enough money then you can begin to look for an apt and a room mate or two. 
Then come back here and ask how much you can afford to pay in rent based on your income, and we’ll help you figure that out also.
I think you over reacted to this situation. She was with her bf, who I assume you trust since he stays at your home sometimes. 

I can track all my adult kids and only 2 still live at home. But I rarely do because they tell me what’s going on, just like your d did. ( we just always had it since they were teens) 

Why would you check that she made it to work? What if she just up and decides one day she wants to skip work and go to a park? Are you gonna go to the park and make sure she’s ok?

Leave her alone. She’s an adult and doesn’t need you constantly on top of her. 

Tracking is for when they up and disappears and I can tell the police where the last location was. But even then, the cops can get more info than I can anyway.
It’s not just rich people who want more money, it’s pretty much all people. 

There are exceptions of course. 

Some people are very content with what they have and aren’t always looking for more.
ESH

Im just sitting here baffled that the H is actually complaining to his WIFE that he has to find a new job because WIFE told GF’s husband about the affair. 

Like, how is this even a regular conversation between them?
What should you do?

You turn to her and tell her
“ Cut the crap. Stop your crying like a baby because I saw an a** on tv. If you cannot get your insecurity under control this isn’t gonna work. Go see someone if you need to. I’ve been more than patient over the last 4 years, but my patience is wearing thin and I’m tired of it now. We’re here to have a good time and I’m not putting up with this. You can go back home if you’re going to be miserable for the next 4 days over something that literally- literally does not affect either one of us”. 

And then you stuck to that. Stop giving in to her. 

This might be the most absolutely ridiculous thing I’ve ever read on reditt. And we all know the ridiculousness that is on this site.
Keep in mind that while you would be ok with not having any contact with your family, she isn’t you and when faced with that choice, I think a lot of people wouldn’t. 

So she cuts off her whole family and then what? She has you? And only you? You cannot possibly, no matter how hard you try, replace a mother,father and siblings. 
Those are unique relationships that for most people cannot be replaced. 

Take some time to get over her and try to let go of some of the anger you have thinking that you were so easily discarded. This was probably extremely hard for her to do. 

Life goes on and this too shall pass.
I’m sorry you’re dealing with this. 

You tell your parents what you told us here-
That they’re lovely people, you love them and severing them from your life will be hard, but if that’s what they choose, then you’ll abide by it. 
But add that you refuse to be verbally abused by anyone at any time so they can call off the dogs. 

You can add that you are absolutely positive in the fact that somewhere in their minds they know- they have to know- that being gay isn’t a choice, it’s the way, (whatever their deity is that they believe in) has made you. 

Then you go live an absolutely wonderful life and surround yourself with people who love you being you.
Please do yourself a favor and download a news app. 

Even if you don’t read any full articles, you will at least read the headlines and have a very vague idea of what’s going on in the world.
NTA

What exactly does she want an apology for? Your wife is allowed to still be pissed and take some time. She offered to drop the kids off- what more does dad and wife want? 

Has the wife taken responsibility that what she said was done in such a way to make you and your wife look bad?
And why would she even want that?

Because until she ponies up that admittance and apologizes for it, there’s no way I’d want to see her. This whole fight was her doing. 

No way is anyone holding my kids hostage like that. Grandpa will just have to get used to not seeing the kids then. 

Depending on the ages, if the kids ask, just say that grandpa is being a brat and he’s in time out.
NTA

But your first mistake was not having your own acct. 

have a joint for bills ( that’s your 70/30), a joint for savings - decide on an amount, and each have their own. 
Ideally each of your paychecks should
be deposited in your individual accts, and each person transfers what they need to. 

By you leaving your extra money in a joint acct, you are essentially giving her free reign in that acct, since she can access it. But you cannot access her own acct. 

How did you even agree to this?
I would say just use your new thought process of understanding to slowly work through to the next step. 

Don’t look at the next big picture, slowly work through the concepts one at a time until you have absolute command of that step, then move to the next, eventually the bigger picture makes sense. 

Abstract concepts are hard to understand. Is there really something to be learned in a sense, if there’s no definitive way of proving what the end is. 
So maybe the point of your paper is to apply what you think/ believe to be the end result based on your individual thoughts?  
(I’m not sure this applies to you and what you’re studying tho)
(Just to be clear- he’s a male 32? 
Your post says 32F)

He’s pushing way too hard. I wouldn’t even keep talking to him. 

You’re under no real pressure from your parents to get married - right now-  

But it seems that he, as a 32 yo man who has up until this point hasn’t found a match for himself, is trying to push you into a marriage before you have even met. I suspect being pressured by his parents. 

Stick to what you want, a marriage where you are in love. That means no more meeting people who do not live within a realistic amount of distance that you can actually date. 

Don’t shortchange yourself on this. Picking a spouse is literally the most important decision you can make. It is the one decision that can make your like a living hell if you get it wrong. Or can give you a lifetime of happiness if you choose right.

Move to the other place, take the manager spot there, hire a nanny. 

I don’t know why you think you can’t raise your child by yourself. Millions of women do it every day with a lot less resources than you seem to have. 

You’re an adult but you don’t seem to want to do a lot of adulting. Time to step up here. 

Leave him to his deal with his child. 
He’ll probably end up hiring a nanny too. 

He cheated with your sister- Is this a man you even want to be involved with?  Even if he didn’t know it was your sister, he’s an older man with a very young wife who still cheated on her. What more is this guy looking for? Whatever it is, he has proved it is not a monogamous marriage.
I usually try to explain how I’m understanding it and the other person will then point out where my flawed thinking is. 
So I’d say” so X does this, and Y does this, so when X does it’s thing, how does Y know how to do their thing” 

This way the other person is seeing where I’m getting confused and explain just that part of it so I can make the connection. 

So instead of hearing the explanation that still doesn’t make sense, they explain just the part that’s tripping me up.
And that’s why neither of them should be running. 

After the last 2 elections we should not still have to choose between the lesser of two old, horrible candidates. 

Im kind of hoping there are a slew of people just throwing their hat in for both parties. 
Someone new might just rise to the top.
YTA

Do you even like your mom? 
She wanted one thing and even paid for it! 
Tell work you can’t make it. 

You should have told work before you changed shifts that you have plans that day and needed it off. 

I’ll bet you would have done that if you had plans for an outing with a bf or friend. You wouldn’t forget about those plans. You wouldn’t cancel on those people. 
But this is just your mom and you don’t even like the event so she doesn’t get the same priority.
I would absolutely rat out SIL to the company. 

This woman is making fun of you for not being able to get a job while gloating about hers, which really could have been yours if she didn’t lie. 

As for your sister being mean to you. 
Think about this;

Her wife doesn’t help her with any bills even tho they should be partners, 
she was mean to you until you cut her off so where do you think sil put all that snark?  I’d bet on your sister. Your sister probably is not standing up to her wife, so she’s taking out her annoyance on you. Getting mad at you over little things could be because she feels she can’t get mad at wife. 

I’d get sister away from wife for an afternoon and have this very needed chat. Is she even still happy with her wife, what is really going on there. 
With any luck, sil will be gone and you can get your sister back.
This is not your fight. 

Don’t use a relationship with your kids and their aunt as an excuse. 
Your kids have other aunts and uncles. They won’t be scarred for life if they don’t see this one aunt. As long as they are told that mom and aunt are fighting and that’s why they don’t talk. No biggie. Happens to a lot of families. 

Your SIL is finding it hard that, in her mind, she did everything right and just how the parents wanted, got a great job, and yet her sister gets all the praise. ( and praised for something sil probably doesn’t think is such an accomplishment, but that’s whatever)

Let your SIL come around on her own time. Or not. 
The new baby doesn’t care if they meet auntie.
You can’t afford decent groceries, but there’s money for weed. 

Priorities man, if you can’t afford your bills then every single non essential expense goes away - that’s weed, cable, eating out, etc 

If she doesn’t like it, she can get a job and pay for those things.
 NTA

Why would you clean more than once without being paid? 
It’s 4-5 hours that you’re over there. 

After 1 or 2 times she could have told him. 

At this point she’s using you. She’s using your labor to fund her vacation. 
GTFOH!  

Please stop cleaning for her. If she’s so bothered by his messiness she can clean his apt.
I’d you’re at the stage of a proposal you should be at the point where you can flat out ask her if she wants to give you an idea of what she likes, if she wants to give you a few pictures of exactly what she wants and you’ll choose from that or if she wants you to just pick out the ring on your own. 

The proposal will be a surprise as far as when and how.
It’s a phone call, he has the time. 

This is important to you. You need to see him supporting you in this. 

Tell him that.
Since your dad thinks the teacher was out of line, he should call her. 
And if your mom thinks she’s out of line, she should also call. 

Let them tell the teacher that your behavior isn’t out of line or worrisome and that he doesn’t appreciate her telling you it is or separating you from the class and to cut it out or he’ll be speaking with the admin of the school.
The very first time a partner hits me is the last time I would ever see them. Idc if it’s a man or woman doing the hitting. 

It will not stop. It will get worse. 
Get out now. Why would you want to be with someone who resorts to hitting when you’re having an argument.
I want to know what she says the reason is that she won’t get a job? 
Does she not realize you two cannot afford to live on your income? 

I’d also stop buying her any special food, wine and nicotine. I’m not saying not to buy vegetarian food, just not any specialty stuff. 
That is not your responsibility. 

Honestly, you’ve only been married 2 years, I’d cut my losses, split up and let her make her own way. She is not adding anything to your life at this point.
I thought the same thing! 

Like, what interviewer would even ask that question out of the blue? Why M of all the women out there? It makes no sense. 

The absolute only way I’d believe it is if the discussion somehow went to who would be a good model/ spokesperson for the line and since it is DM, ( based in the UK) they asked about M to somehow tie the article to the UK through H, the prince. 

And then of course, flip flop the quotes so it seemed as if the M question was asked first. 

Of course TW takes this as a win that a Rockefeller even knows who she is! 
She should have answered with - Who?
How long are you together?  And how old are you all? 

If it’s not very long maybe he just doesn’t think it’s that big of a deal. It’s a lot to meet the whole fam at once. 

So going to the baby birthday is his out.

Im not so sure that because his friend is a girl is as big a deal as you’re thinking it is. This girl is with the father of her child. I doubt she’s looking to make moves on your bf.
Your friend has Im sure tried to talk to her friend about this guy and it fell on deaf ears. 
There aren’t some magical words that are going to make her see the light now. 

So Julie can go be witness at this mess of a marriage, or she tells friend she wants nothing to do with it, but if she needs help getting away she’ll be there for her. And have Julie start saving money for that plane ticket.
What kind of guy doesn’t know how to cook a hamburger or a steak? 
Grilled chicken is stupid easy. How about a salad? 

I refuse to believe he only *knows* how to cook those three things. 

I wouldn’t order out just because of the expense, but when it’s your day to cook, make enough extra just for you to have it the next night. 

Or take a Sunday and make yourself 3 or 4 portioned meals that you can heat up for when he slaves away in the kitchen and makes pancakes again.
Oh no, you’ve misunderstood his concern 

Worrying about security to the spare means he’s really worried that he’ll be swept for recording devices and / or shadowed everywhere he goes to keep him in line. 😁

He has no fear for his personal safety, he knows no one cares enough to do him harm.
So what? At least he’ll have something to eat at home. 

And she shouldn’t be as stressed if she’s working so she won’t stress eat.
I’ll repeat what others have said-

Do not buy a house with someone who is not your spouse! 

Your gf wants to buy a house, get engaged, and have a wedding, all within the next few years. Oh and go on 1 or 2 big trips!! 
And your’e supposed to fund the majority of those endeavors. 

Must be nice to be her. 

You need to decide what YOU want. What is your priority? 

Is it a house? Then you buy it on your own. If it’s getting engaged and marrying? Then you buy a ring and ask. If it’s travel, then you plan that. 

But you have to tell your gf that her pressuring you is only going to make you rethink being with her. This isn’t the way partners go about things. 

See how she responds, but if she is reluctant then you know she’s looking at what she can get out of it. Not so much looking toward a life together. 

There will be other perfect houses, skip this one.
Well they shouldn’t have been wasting time trying to clear up a stream of errors, as it relates to M. 
It’s a ridiculous notion that above all else they felt the need to devote their time to that. 

Just let it go. Not every freakin little blip needs to or needed to be contradicted. 

That was the problem. They wanted so badly to make it look as if M was this perfect person. That wasn’t real then and it isn’t real now.
I like the idea that both of you on your journeys together. Great thought! He won’t feel so alone then. 

You’ve got this. One step at a time and you and him will get there.
Ok so NTA for not wanting to take total responsibility for your brother. 

Your parents tho… total ah’s. They cannot just decide they are done being parents.   That aside. 

You don’t say what mental capacity your bro has, so -
You need to explain to your bro that you are not equipped to handle being his caretaker and he needs to find whatever is going to make his life the best he can make it.  But it’s going to mean he has to work at it. No one else can do it for him. He is an adult now and a if a group home is the best place for him, that’s where he should be. The idea is to get him as self sufficient as possible. 

Mom must have some contacts that she has used in the past. Contact them, get bro evaluated to see exactly what his strengths and weaknesses are. Autism is a huge range, but he at the very least will need mh therapy. 
After that he may need some basic vocation training so he can get a basic job. 

Best of luck. It’s not easy, you’ll be overwhelmed at first, but once all the pieces are in place you and your bro will be better off.
I’m so glad I’m not the  only one who found the idea of him peeing too  loud to be bizarre. 

Couldn’t really care about any of the rest of it. I was just stuck on that.
No, not just anyone can go vote. 

You have to register to vote. 

Then you get ( or at least I did, but it was lots of years ago) a voter registration card in the mail. 
Depending on where you live you are assigned a specific place where you vote. You can only vote at that place because you will be on their voter roll ( the list of ppl registered to vote at that spot) 

So when you go to vote, you give them your name, they look you up in a book, you sign the book ( and they are supposed to make sure your signature matches what you signed when you first registered) and then you can vote.
INFO 

I need to know how old your brother is
So sit by your dad, even if he’s not conscious ( idk his state) and just talk. Say whatever comes to mind. Ramble. 
He will hear you and you’ll have no regrets, you will have told him everything you haven’t been able to say in the past. 

Hugs to you.
From your comment, I think it matters what he did during this fight that made you feel you had to leave. 
If you felt threatened it’s completely diff than if you were just done fighting, he wouldn’t stop, and wanted to just get some space. 

In any case, he’s just embarrassed, and even if some of your friends have reached out, he thinks others will hold this incident against him. So you tell him he either comes on Thursday or he doesn’t but he can’t be sad if you go. Seems he wants you to avoid these friends so he doesn’t look like the bad guy. 

Also I feel pretty strongly that you need at least one friend you can vent your problems to. That’s what they’re for. It’s ridiculous that you would never talk about him or your relationship with your friends. 
We all do it and don’t hold it over the partner. Its a way to get an objective opinion on what’s going on.
Very sorry for what you’re going through. 

I think the answer is very different for everyone. 

It will depend on what you already know. So for instance, was your dad military and never talked about it, do you want to know that. 
Did dad have a first wife and you’re curious. Why is he fighting with…, 

Or do you just want to hear that you turned out alright in your parents eyes. Are you doing ok, do they like your partner or kids. 

Maybe you want to make amends over an issue. 

Figure out what it is that you need or want to know and have those conversations.
Maybe your dad should tell your sister that. 
Not that I think it would do any good. 

She knew it was wrong and that’s why she never said anything to anyone. Even if she was having a reveal you’d think she’d have spoken to your mom about names, even just in passing conversation.
Look, you need to have a talk with Pam. 

Explain to her that you actually love this guy. And even tho you married - I’m not even sure why- for a lark, a joke, just for the trope of a Vegas marriage- that over the last year you guys realized you had more and are happy. 
But let her know you aren’t going to divorce just because she’s not happy you two are together. 

Ask why she is so upset. Is it because it’s *her* friend or did she want him, or what. Because she seems to be upset for no actual reason. Something else is going on with her.
During peri I had bleeding that lasted weeks also. 
That was pretty much my only symptom, but it lasted years- on and off. 
My doc prescribed micronized ( I think that’s it) progesterone. It stopped it. 

Then normal periods for a while and when it didn’t stop I was able to just call her and she’d call in another rx. 

Maybe ask if that might work for you?
I think you’re in the wrong subreddit 

But I found this and it’s from Jan of this year, so it’s up to date. 

https://help.cbp.gov/s/article/Article-74?language=en_US

I am not familiar with the diff between a LPR and a green card, but you may be.

Also found this:

https://legalservicesincorporated.com/immigration/us-cruise-do-i-need-passport/
I don’t want C to pony up one red cent! 

This is Harry’s burden to bear. She can have half of whatever he has and he can pay his own damn lawyers! 
And he can fight for custody on his own. If he gets full or half or visitation or none, oh well, he had those kids with her. 
C doesn’t have to worry about those kids being in the LOS, it is practically guaranteed they are never going to be anywhere near taking the throne. 

And if she wants to go and spill all his dirty little secrets, so be it. He deserves everything he gets.
Is this her first year in school? Maybe she is really stressed just getting used to it.  

How long are you together?  Maybe she’s just over this relationship. 

But the insults? Yeah I’d let her know she can think you’re joke isn’t funny but she can’t insult you. 

But by your own admission, you’re
clingy- she may have been ok with it in the past but as you both matured she might feel it’s too much. You’re both adults. You should be ok without constant contact all day long. 

Talk to her, tell her you feel she’s pulling away or not being as receptive and would appreciate it if she just owned up to what she’s thinking and feeling rather than you having to guess.
 NTA

what is wrong with your bf?  Even if this person likes you, they did nothing odd or creepy to you, so why does he care. 

I would tell the person what bf did and that it wasn’t you tho. Just to clear up the situation so this person doesn’t go on thinking you like them. 

Go ahead and end this. 
These games will never stop and your bf will never take accountability for anything he does.
Mainly because my whole family is here. 

Parents are getting older, my kids are here and I would never leave them. 

I don’t want to be hours and a flight away if there is an emergency. 

Plus, my life here is good.
slight YTA

Why is the bf not going to be in school? If they would both be home all day then no, I wouldn’t let her. 

I would have told her she can stay home on Friday and have a nice 3 day weekend. 

Please be aware that just as adults need a mental health day, so do kids. 

My kids were always allowed to stay home just because. Because sometimes they just need a break. Especially by HS. It can be mentally draining.
Seriously- it’s a month- 30 measly Days 

You are not in love. You are not sexually satisfied and you don’t want to wait so do what any one would

Break up and find someone who’s not a virgin and date them.

Amazing that at 30 yo you need to be told this.
It doesn’t matter if one of you is home for him now-  this marriage may not last. That’s the problem. 

How old are you guys? She seems immature. 

Your wife needs to figure out what it is she wants. Either her marriage or affirmation from others.  Because she cannot have both. 

Put a hold on the foster and have a heart to heart with your wife. 
She’s still talking to this guy which means she’s getting something from him that she isn’t fri you. And that’s not necessarily your fault- no one can be absolutely everything for another person.
The last few cruises I went on they lined up the boarding group, we had to put our bags on the floor and the sniffer dogs came by, so be careful. 

Idk what vacuum sealing does but just saying
And why does that not immediately scream that this guy is just looking for a wife- anyone will do. 
You are just way too naive to realize it
Hasn’t he been in trouble previously? 

How does he keep getting elected or how has no watchdog group been keeping a close eye on him.
I agree I hate the way it looks, even tho I currently have this look. Haha
I dont have very big roots showing but they’re there and I see it a lot more than anyone in my family notices. 

Brown to blonde isn’t hard to upkeep, but it has to be done very often and Im due. But I just got home from vacay so I scheduled it but it’s gonna be a few days. 

Also, depending on what process I have the brown can be made to almost blend into the blonde. So it’s not all flat blonde, but highlighted blonde with still some brown so it isn’t as obvious.
You’re only 25, there’s no shame in living at home. If not now, then when in your life would you ever be able to save as much as you can? You’re lucky that your salary affords you a chance to get yourself financially ahead. Why spend money unnecessarily. 

Your gf cares more about what your
money can do for her. 

She has said you two should have a lavish lifestyle and travel. But the thing is, she can’t afford to do that- only you can afford to finance her lavish lifestyle. 

I’d break up with her honestly, but you need to think about if you want a partner who has goals closer to your own. And she doesn’t. She thinks you’re boring unless you can lavish luxuries on her and it’s only going to get worse as you make more money. She’ll want bigger and better.
By your own chart it takes $95,000 just to start up a daycare. ( less if the contingency and working capital is lower)

So let’s say you magically find a benefactor for that money. 

Im not sure I understand how you’re going to lower the cost. Even if it’s not for profit, it needs to self sustain at some point. 
Being transparent in how the money is spent is all well and good, but it doesn’t make up for the fact that running a business takes money.
You could run the tightest budget, but there is an absolute bottom line needed to run. 

Teacher costs need to be in line with teacher salaries, especially that pre school is in a sense, a specialty. 
I proposed the admin being paid at the same rate of a teacher, so no excess bloat there. 
And at a modest $45,000/ year for each of those positions, we’re at $9,000/year per child. 

Ok, so we take a loss for a year or two,  We’ve only got about $40,000 contingency and capital. How long will that last? 

We add in older kids for a smaller ratio and increased income, that’s another teacher, but we have to get them to the center after school. Do we need a van or a bus? 
Maybe we add night or weekend baby sitting service for a small fee, we still have to pay an adult for that. 

We can ask for volunteers, older folks who are retired or moms that have their kids enrolled. They don’t add to the payroll. But they need to be bonded. 

Maybe you don’t have your own building, maybe utilize empty classrooms in a school or community center of the town. 

Im sorry, I feel like I’m missing something but am very intrigued to see a way for your idea to work.
So I think your idea sounds great in theory. 

But a quick search brought me to the 
staff/ child ratio for kids 2 1/2-4 is 1T for every 10 k’s 

So let’s assume a teacher salary of $45,000/year ( conservatively) 

That divides to $4500/year per child just to pay for a teacher. 

Add to that - at least one administrator,rent, insurance, supplies, and idk what else. 

Let’s say we pay the admin the same as the teacher, so we’re looking at $9000 per child before factoring in any other expenses. 

The average cost of daycare in nj is between $10-12,000 a year. 

So based on these numbers, I can’t see how you can run a childcare center for less than most parents are paying now. 
And even if you don’t take a salary to start, at some point you’re going to want or need to draw a salary. 

Now, I don’t know if the state has any programs that help with daycare costs, if so then maybe it’s doable?  

You might be better off getting a home based daycare license, and having less children, while also incorporating a learning atmosphere.
Maybe your friend is the boring one and he needs drunk you to make his party a success. 

Or you’re just really fun at parties, drunk or not and he just thinks you’re drunk because you are such fun and he’s too drunk to tell the difference. 

I would be slightly insulted by someone saying that, so go to the party, have a few but don’t get drunk and be your fun self.
NAH

You haven’t actually explained why you don’t want your H to take this job. Has it occurred to you that he has been out of sorts for 3 years and maybe your H feels like he needs to work. A lot of people get their self worth from working and contributing to the family. Plus you mention insurance, which if you don’t have is kind of important. 

How is his health now? Can he even handle this job? 

Why exactly do you not want him working? Is it his health or do you need him home with the child so you can grow your business, or do you just not want him gone for 2 weeks at a time because then you have to do it all? 
Does your business cover all of your bills or are you dipping into savings every month? It’s always better to have more savings than less. 

You need to find out why he wants this job, at this time. If he has legitimate reasons then maybe you should try to support him in this. If you need to, you can put your child in daycare while you work on your business. 
Will it be hard while he’s gone? Absolutely, but supporting our partners is part of the deal. He supported ( I don’t mean just monetarily) you when you wanted to start your business.
 Ok, I have to ask- what exactly is he doing for work? 
He’s in an awful rush for someone 
who is a spender. Why is he in such a rush? It’s been 6 years, he can wait another 2?  You’re both still so young. 

You say you have money saved for a house down payment, I can’t help but wonder if he sees you as his cash cow. Has he saved any money since he dropped out of school?

Sit down and reiterate to him that you have always said you will not be married until you have completed your schooling and have a stable job. 

Let him know this is what you want and him constantly bothering you when you are still in school is useless because even if you wanted to marry right now you wouldn’t. 

Im sure he’s a great guy but think long and hard if you, who from all you’ve said, sets a goal and works towards them, and achieves them, while he seems more like flitting from one to another thing based on his whims. 
You need to see how comparable you two are when you’re both out in the real world- rent, bills, chores, etc. you may find you want a guy who is more on your wavelength.
NTA

Who believes that you’re a fool if you learn from your own mistakes. 
Isn’t that the point- make mistake, learn from it, don’t do it again. 

Does she keep making the same mistake over and over again? 

In this case, her saying she knows she’s right and you’ll continue it at another time, just means she will harp on this until you agree with her and she can then gloat about it.
YTA

How has this conversation not come up in 3 years? 

Stop brow beating the poor kid. 
His mother has told you how she feels, maybe you should try listening to her. It is quite possible that you aren’t as all knowing as you think you are. 

I will say tho, one way to get kids in the habit of please and thank you is to just always say it yourself. 
They hear it and model it. It almost becomes rote to say it. ( kind of like amen at church). That’s my experience anyway.
It’s 3 months, you’re not officially bf/gf and he’s asking? telling?, strongly encouraging? you to get rid of something you’ve had from your childhood?  Nope. Not happening. 

Adults are allowed to have comfort things. Him saying he’s there to comfort you is weird to me. Like only he can do that for you. 

You keep that bear forever. And take him out when you need to.
You got this!  
Now, hope he’s a good kisser!
Okay. I can better see why you wouldn’t want her there. But she really won’t be able to outshine you at your own wedding. As long as she doesn’t get the dance, which is easily done. 
What else could she do? You let the photographer know to put her in her place, you get the band to ignore her requests. And you warn her she’ll be tossed if she gets out of hand. 

If you might want things to get better then ask sis if she’s be willing to go to therapy with you. 
Maybe an outside person explaining to her why her attitude is harmful to you may just make her take a back seat at your wedding. 

Or just don’t invite her, but that plays into her idea that you know she’s better than you and that’s why you don’t want her there. 

Good luck. Don’t stress too much, you have a year to figure it out.
How about at the end of the night when he drops you off at home, you can just flirtingly say something like, “ what? No good night kiss”?  

It will only be a teeny tiny moment of fear, but I guarantee you, he will kiss you good night.
YWNBTA, 


Im struggling to understand what is wrong between you and your sister. 
I understand SM being nicer to sis, but that’s not her doing anything wrong. She was a child at the time too. So I can understand you not having anything to do with dad and SM, but you got along well enough with sis to be a bridesmaid for her. 

Just so I understand tho, you don’t want her there because you think she’s going to somehow have a f/d dance with step dad at your wedding? 

Easily fixed, you tell the band they cannot under any circumstances take song requests and you also let SD know what she’s thinking and ask him to not dance with sis at all. If he understands the whole dynamic and realizes the place he has in your life, he should be willing to do that.
Thats what I was talking about! 

Put that on your tik tok, your insta, anywhere you use social media.
And I’ll add the Florida law has a rape exception also. 
But it has to reported. 

(You may be toxic, but that comment was not.)
How about compiling a list of birth control resources. 
Put it on Tik tok, Instagram, Twitter. 
Places younger  women might frequent. 
And fb for the older women. 

Take a diff approach and try to prevent an unwanted pregnancy instead of having to deal with it after the fact. 

And have a connection resources that connects women willing to fund bc for women who can’t afford it.
Well, the easy hard answer is to find a job in London and move there. 
You have a roommate now, so get one there. 

Or find a job in London and live in a suburb close enough to enjoy the city but less expensive. 

What kind of engineer are you?
This is what I always thought also. 

Just let me get up and walk off. Then the rest can deal with getting their bags. 

And while we’re revamping debark, can we just board the plane by rows? Starting at the back please. ( I’ll even let first or business board before me. They’re not the problem)
Find a Boy Scout troop in your area. 
They would be happy to have it. 
They do lots of camping and might have kids that don’t own gear. 

Elementary schools have Cub Scout troops, but Boy Scout troops usually aren’t run through a school, but if you
can get in touch with a cub troop they can put you in touch with a Boy Scout troop that they usually feed into.
Tomatoes. 

I could not stand the texture of the seeds. 
Even now, I won’t eat the seeds in the big tomatoes, I cut them out, but can handle the small cherry tomatoes.
I love the way he says it’ll never happen with you two because you aren’t going to have kids. As if that’s where he draws a line. Pretty convenient for a guy who doesn’t want kids. 

But what happens if he, for whatever reason, decides he’s not sexually attractive to you? 

Or what if you get sick and can’t have sex for a while?  Is it ok then for him to cheat? Because you know he just can’t go without!  

I feel like you are going to be doing anything you can to keep him from cheating- probably to your own detriment. And it won’t make a diff anyway. 

Im thinking he’s already cheating when you’re not there. He can’t possibly be expected to go without his sex needs being met for a whole month!  Gasp!  

If I was you I’d slow this relationship way down. If he wants to move to Canada, ok, but he’d be getting his own place. 

But I’m not you, so I’d get rid of this guy. I want my partner to go into a relationship with the absolute idea that he has found the person he wants to be with and not having pre conceived ideas of circumstances of when he’d cheat
11 hours non stop to Hawaii in economy. This was the smallest seat I’ve ever been in. 

I dropped my ear bud right in front of my seat and had to contort my body to reach for it. 
Im not a large person either. 

Made it 7 hours ok, but the last 4 were really really tough. 
And then had to do it again to get home. 
The whole family agrees that we’ll never do that again.
Im not in Texas but I’m not so sure there are specific parking lot laws. 

Drive slowly thru the lot. I think my shopping center has a 10 mph speed sign. 

Yes, please stop for pedestrians crossing in front of your car. The lane directly in front of the stores near me have stop signs. Usually close to each of the stores entrances/ exits. 

You don’t have to stop as soon as you see a person, but it really depends on how far away they are from you. If they’re like 2 stores away, you slow down and / or stop until they cross. 

I’d wait until the person was pretty close to the other side of the road before scooching past. Especially if they’re older or have children with them. Just so they feel safer. 

Better to be safer and drive slow or stop if you’re not sure.
NTA. I would not apologize for any of it, substance or tone. 

Your tone needed to be what it was to get the message across that he is no longer welcome to stay. Too bad if it upset him. 

you basically said what your mother has been unable to do on her own. 

He needs to get out. Your mom said she needs a break from him, so now she has it.
Wouldn’t the line be drawn by what are natural genetic advantages to a person? 

If one is just, as is said, naturally gifted in a sport, should they be not allowed to participate because it’s not “fair” to the other participants? 
Their genetic make up is basically what is making them what we would call, naturally gifted. 

But with trans women athletes, they have an unnatural advantage over women, due to their genetic make up as being born as men. 
Hormones may counteract some of this, but it is never going to completely reverse the effects of the genetic processes of male puberty on things like strength and muscle mass.
Are we talking during a marriage, or a dating situation? 

Why would you think that just because one person cheated you will never find another who won’t cheat?

If the cheating happened during a marriage, I would say take some time for yourself, don’t be in any rush to get into another relationship. Treat it like a death, you need time to grieve the loss, and when you feel ready then you can get back out there. 

If you were just dating, this shouldn’t be causing you so much angst that you’d be averse to ever dating again. 
This was one scummy person out of thousands you will meet in your life time. 

Millions of people cheat and as many get cheated on. It happens. We deal with it and get on with living. It’s not the end of the world.
Why are you letting him insult you? 
This is a person who loves you? Id hate to see him when he doesn’t like you!  

I suspect he wants you to do better so you will have more money to bail him out with. 

You know this, but you are doing just fine. You can pay your bills, support your kid, and really can buy whatever you want, if not right this minute but with some planning. 

Stop giving him money and do not move in with him- ever. You will be stuck paying for it by yourself.
After 7 years you’re finally getting tired of this?

I wouldn’t have lasted 7 days. 

Be honest with yourself here, he absolutely is not going to wake up one day and be secure enough that he will stop this behavior. 

So you either put up with it, or you break up. He’s way too insecure to have any middle ground.
First off, don’t change anything fundamentally “you” for anyone. 

Second, you said you’re studying for med school. So use all this extra free time to do just that. But get out at least for a bit every day. Take a walk, study in a park, coffee shop, anywhere else than where you live. 

Third, you’re young, but not a child. You started dating as a kid tho. Idk what you did that he thinks you hurt him so bad that he doesn’t want to date anymore, but it does not matter. This breakup is not totally your fault so stop thinking that way. There will be others you will date and break up with, use this as a lesson to not lose yourself to a partner. 

Fourth, get back in touch with the friends that you let fall to the side. If you did indeed lose them from studying too much they should understand. 

Fifth, stop studying so much. 
There is a point where it doesn’t actually help. Studying is for review, not for learning the material. 

This all will pass and be a distant memory you will look back on and wonder why you ever wanted him so badly to begin with.
Yup me too. 
They wanted to make it look like she was. 
And Harry lobbied for her but the palace said no way.
Then your wife had all the time in the world to pick him up from school and she should have. 
Plus your d was away and it’s a perfect time for some mom/ son bonding time. 

Your son is 13, he’s going into some crazy years. Your wife should take those rides to and from school as an opportunity to just talk to Ty about what’s going on in his life. And if that includes James, even better. 
They do say car rides are the best way to get kids to open up.
I think there’s no reason you should have known who was picking up Ty since I’m guessing your wife stays home with the kids and usually does the school runs. 

But if your wife is home, why is your 4 yo at grandmas for the last month? 

Since you had discussed not letting him have too much contact with your son, I think it was short sighted of your wife to allow him to pick the kids up for weeks. ( weeks!). 

I think for this instance you two need to figure out what to do together and tell Ty together. ( honestly, I think a good talk about what he says and where it’s said should be enough, what kind of punishment can you give for a kid saying stupid stuff, but whatever) 

But I also think you and wife should discuss that she’s going to need to dole out the discipline when the issue happens. And I’m not talking punishments, I’m talking correcting bad behavior when it’s not even so bad so that it doesn’t get bad. 
This isn’t 1950 where it’s wait until your father gets home.
Because people now feel like every day has to be a good one, a magical day where their partner makes them feel special at all times. 

Their lives have to be picture perfect, their partner the perfect one, the proposal and marriage have to be planned down to the last detail and one little bump just ruins the whole thing. It’s all so superficial. 

That is not reality. A lot of long relationships are quite mundane. But nobody wants to stay thru that to get to the next special moment. But the mundane makes the special that much more. 

Add to that the sense of entitlement it seems people have. Everyone cannot have the dream job and make a million dollars so they can buy the biggest house and the most expensive car. 

So people basically are unsatisfied with their own lives so they feel they have to jump from one person to the next looking for someone else to make their life satisfying. 

Married 30+ years, since our 20’s and it just works because we are ok with the highs and lows. We just take what comes and deal with it.
You sit back and take stock of what’s going on in your own life. 

Then you decide, am I going to let my life be dictated by others or am I going to take matters in my own hands. 

Leave the emotion out of it. No issue is ever solved by the heart, you need to use your head. 

In this instance, you get mad- 
I’d be thinking:
Who the heck does this person think they are to treat me badly when I’ve done nothing to deserve it. 
He’s obviously up to no good, I’m not gonna sit here and take it!  I’m out. He can do whatever he wants but I’m not sticking around and watching. 

And then you say that- loud and firm. This isn’t a discussion. It’s a decision. 
Its your decision.
Ok so you know exactly what kind of person he is. 

Do you think you deserve to be talked to in this way?
Do you think a partner has the right to demean you to get what he wants? 

Why are you still entertaining being involved with him. 

This is a person who has denied your existence to his family based on his religion. I’m gonna guess and say his religion probably would frown upon him asking for nudes to get off to.
That in itself is so disgustingly gross to me that I’d cut contact with him. He sees you as less than, and you have allowed yourself to believe it. 

Tell him to take a hike. Find a real man who will treat you with dignity and respect.
Have you ever met this guy? 
And by that I mean have you ever lived in the same place and actually dated and are long distance due to one of you needing to move?
You find STD meds and you didn’t ask what he was taking it for? 
did he willingly tell you he was going for an STD test?  And you didn’t ask him why he felt the need to? 
And he’s checking himself all night and again you didn’t ask what he was looking for? 

Do you two even talk to each other? 

Yeah, you know what’s going on. You guys have been together since you’re teens, it’s run it’s course.
I’ll be honest, I would not continue dating him. Drugs are a hard no for me. 

You say you’re ok with coke at a party, but really, it’s never going to stay at just parties. And he’s already tried heroin after 2 months. 

Im more curious tho about how he just picked up this little habit. Did he just wake up one day and say hey, think I’ll use coke today and see how it goes? 

If he’s addicted, it’s really really hard to break the addiction. He will relapse. 
He will lie. 
Are you prepared for this major upheaval in your life? The highs when he’s clean and the very low lows when he relapses. The in and out of rehab. 

I’d tell him he has to do this on his own for himself. When he’s clean, and has his life all back together then to give you a call and you can see what 
you want to do. 

Good luck. It’s hard to see someone you love struggle, but it’s his struggle, don’t make it yours.
So the story I just read, his lawyer argued he was mentally ill. 
No mention of being autistic, so that had no bearing on why he killed. 

Sorry, I agree with the judge. He should never see another day free. 

He was 20, so even though technically a minor, whatever law you mentioned shouldn’t apply to him as he must have been tried as an adult.
What’s to question? 
You’re a boy, you are/ were attracted to this person who presents as a girl. Therefore you are straight. 

Now this person says they’re a boy, but they still look like a girl, so you’re still attracted and still straight. 

Does this persons family know they think they’re a boy?
Did you ask them if they think they’re a boy, are they gay then, since they presumably like you and you’re also a boy. 

Still not going anywhere romantically. Just be friends.
Ok I have to ask-

Are you straight? And thought you were dating a girl? 

Or are you gay and thought you were dating a guy?  

If you’re straight then obviously you cannot date this person because they think they are a boy and you are not into boys. 

If you’re gay, then you can date this person because they think they’re a boy, —. except for the fact that they look like a girl and you aren’t attracted to girls. 

This is going nowhere romantically. 

Just be friends since you seem to get along so well. Then it won’t matter if they’re a boy or girl.
How old are you two? 
How is it that your salary is all of a sudden not enough? 

What did the two of you change?
Has Rose explained why she never told you about being pregnant? Otherwise it’s going to be a very awkward dinner. 

But I think you’re trying to do the right thing. It’s up to rose to realize it’s what her D wants.
Sorry but she knows the real reason she doesn’t want to have sex and it’s not stress or low self esteem 

She would have had to been super stressed every day for the past 5 years!  And really, a lot of people will use sex to combat stress. 

If she still has self esteem issues after being in a loving committed relationship for 5 years, then she’s got  therapist level issues that she needs to address. 

You two need to have an honest to a fault discussion about this. 

I’ll bet she’s probably more asexual than she will ever admit to you, because she’d be afraid of losing you. 
But you cannot sustain a relationship without honesty, especially on this subject.
Maybe just stop lying. 
Have a sit down and explain you are so close to being an adult and you have to start making choices for yourself. 
If they turn out to be bad, so be it. But at least you did it and learned from it. 

And idk how your schools work, but if you don’t know history or geography, how are you going to be allowed to actually graduate? There has to be some minimum grade you have to get. And if there is and you’re making it, just tell him that too.
Your BMR might be off if you’re using the same number from when you were 250 lbs. 

Recalculate it.
You do realize that your sole job is not to make him happy. 
Of course in a relationship, each person makes the other happy, but not from doing every whim the other has. 

Also, you are your bf’s first gf, from what you wrote he didn’t seem to have friends either, and didn’t leave the house much. 

He didn’t have the usual date around as a teen, figure out all the dating rituals, etc. 
idk how you two met or why he was finally able to connect with you and have a relationship. 
That might not bide well for the two of you as he may feel like he missed out on dating around, and sleeping around. (Plus, most first relationships do not work out long term - but those are usually had as a teen, which he didn’t.)
His idea of having threesomes may be his attempt to experience others without losing you. He’ll get to sleep with others. 
And having 2 permanent gf’s might be way of dating around. Hell have to navigate more than just one personality. 

Im probably reading too much into it,  but thats the first thought that came to mind.
I agree. Its sad almost. 
I buzz my H’a hair and I told him, When he has nothing but a horseshoe we have to think about shaving it. 

But I would not just not say anything. 

But who knows, maybe H’s happy with it. 🤷‍♀️
While I absolutely agree, it is monumentally stupid for a 17 yo to have a car loan, I suspect there was a lot more going on. 

OP says son wanted to live with mom almost full time so I suspect dad gave in to the car, if not more just to keep son happy and not hate him. 

And lets not forget mom probably had a hand in that decision also. Its not just dad.
He put money away for college and cars. Its not that the money he gave them to invest was going to be the only money they had for college. 

Some kids are spenders (and some are savers) and no matter how much talking, showing and giving advice, they will not change until they are faces with the consequences. 

Son can still go to college, he just doesn’t have the option of any college he got admitted to. His list shrinks due to money issues. 

Remember too that D is making up the diff between what the parents saved for them, which would be what they are willing to pay or can afford, and the actual cost out of her savings.
YTA. Massive 

Come on dad, as much as you are scared about what is happening with your wife, double that for your son. 

He is losing his mother!  The one person who has always always been there for him. 

So instead of coming together and trying to hold both of you up, you get mad because he didn’t clean his room. 
Really? How important is his room right this minute? 
Give him a break. 

And I’m sorry, but I don’t understand the significance of the hair. If someone could explain please.
The minute he TOLD you to delete a friend- for any reason- is the exact minute you should have broken up with him. 

When are young people going to understand this?  Its irrational, its jealousy, and its controlling.
I say let bf pick whoever he wants as best man. 

Maybe ask your bf why, if sb is such a bad person it would mean so much to him to be there. 

Is there more to the relationship between sb and bf that means so much to bf? Was sb good to him at a time in bf’s life when he needed someone? Was sb a mentor for bf? Something, anything? 
Then I would take that into consideration also. 

It just seems odd that sb is pretty much hated by everyone but your bf isn’t really seeing that, and I wonder why.
Bring back the hat and rename back to Hollywood studios. 
We still call it that anyway! 

We’ve been going since 94 and don’t even remember that hand sign. I had to look it up to see what it looked like. I don’t like it.
Then you’re going to have to remind her of the agreement to not be in the room while you work. 

Maybe include in that convo that her anxiety seems to be getting bad again and she should start getting a handle on it now before it gets bad enough that her school and work will suffer. Maybe suggest she start looking for a new job now. If she loses her job, or quits, will you be able to afford it?  Don’t wait until shes crippled with her anxiety to decide to address it.
At this point, just swap rooms with her. She can set up her school stuff in the br. 

This way if she wants to stay in bed all day she can. And if she wants to do her schoolwork she can also. 

It seems like shes going to either quit her job or get fired, so you might as well give her the bedroom now so when shes home all day, you wont be dealing with this every day.
Her motivation is to just hang on to you long enough for you to marry her. 
Then shes all set. 

Honestly, I would be embarrassed if my date showed up to a family thing so woefully underdressed, but only if I have already explained what the vibe of these parties are. Did you explain this to her? If you did and she still made no effort, that would be a big problem.
You didn’t pressure him into not telling his family, but you also only told him when you were 5 months along. 

Im sure he knew- how could he not, but it seems odd that you seemingly confirmed the pregnancy and was I’m guessing all excited, but you didn’t share it with him. (!did you share this news with anyone?) 
He didn’t get to have that surprise reveal from you and share the excitement. 

Im curious tho, what family traditions of his does he not agree with?
My dermo told me to just moisturize them. Like thats gonna help. 

I remember as a kid there used to be a commercial for “age spots”. I think it fades them?  

Im thinking of looking for something like that but I cannot remember that exact name tho.
I had to go back to make sure but 

You are 16!  You have years and years and years ahead of you to find that special person. 

Are you expecting to meet someone now that you will stay with forever?  Its not going to happen. Teen romances very rarely last. 

Your teen years are for figuring out all this dating stuff, so ask out any girl who seems to be nice, cute or have a same interest as you. 

And stop worrying so much, desperation is not attractive at all.
You don’t think you’re attracted to her so give it one more date. 

Don’t discount that you two could just be friends if you enjoy her company.
Here’s how i look at it, as long as my partner is just looking and not engaging with any of these people, especially if they don’t even live anywhere near us, i don’t have a problem with it. 

There are so many other people who could tempt my partner right where we live, that I really am not going to be jealous or worry about a picture on a screen. 

Its basically harmless. 
But thats just my personal feeling.
Pretty sure anyone who reads a newspaper, or had any form of SM knows about it and talked about it. 

We heard all about it, talked about it, speculated about it, waited for all the details to finally come out and ——-

We got a list of people who flew in a plane. 
Virginia Guiffree got her payday, Andrew is relegated to scum of the world, JE is dead and ghislaine is in jail. 

What more is there to say? 
No one who was kidnapped or trafficked has come out in public and accused anyone else.  (Im not even sure they named anyone in any kind of sealed legal documents.)
Sometimes relationships just run it’s course. She was 17 when you started, andnow shes an adult. 
She wants to do all those things that she missed out on that all her friends got to do while she just sat on the sideline and watched. 

I think its absolutely gross that she called you and basically told you she cheated on you and was planning on taking this random home. That alone would make me lose any feelings for this person. 

So don’t concentrate on what you lost, concentrate on the fact that she didn’t even have enough respect for you to have a conversation about the fact that she was doubting this relationship, and needing some time to decide if she still wants it. 

She doesn’t want you, she’ll go play around for a while and is expecting you to be there when the grass isn’t greener. Don’t be that guy. Block her on everything. You’re worth more than that.
Wait- 
the dad didn’t want one. 

What did the wife want? 

Cause the fact that her best friend wanted one and they had it is extremely bizarre to me.
Maybe its a good idea that his overbearing parents step in and actually get all of them on the right path. 

Even if he’s depressed, he seems to be able to do the farm work, he just starts much later than most farmers. 

But if he got to sleep at a decent time, he should be able to get started after he puts the kids on the bus. 

Talk to him and his parents. 
Im sure the parents know this whole situation has to change. And if they’re so overbearing, i cant really see how they let it get so out of hand. 

I don’t think you’re too involved, you care about his family and only want what’s best doe them.
I think you’re trying to get him to be more responsible about his farm and getting the work done, no? 

If that’s the case, just waking him up isn’t really going to help unless he stays up and does the work. Who is working his farm? 

I think you need to have a serious talk with him. 
If you guys were so close what happened? When did fam dinners stop? When did you stop working for him? 
You said the behavior changed a year ago, so what was it like prior to that? 

And where are the kids mother? Does she not see them at all, does she also just let them do whatever?  


He needs to get his kids on a better schedule, his 4 yo should not be up till all hours of the night- what is he thinking by allowing this? And his other 2 need more sleep than they are getting. 

Talk to him, explain your concerns. If you are as close as you say he might open up and explain what’s going on with him. 

Is it possible for you to talk with his parents about the kids schedule or the state of the farm?  Do his parents not see what is going on?
Why do you want to get past this?

He’s been doing this stuff for 6 years, what makes you think he’s going to stop?
See, here’s the thing as I see it-

Yes, she cheated. And that in itself would be a reason to stay separated and ultimately divorce. 

But you have to also realize that you weren’t a model partner to her either. ( you lost your job over drinking and I’m gonna assume when you drank you weren’t exactly a great husband to her) 

Now, I am absolutely not saying you drove her to cheat or am I excusing her cheating. 

Im saying that you two should both just cut your losses and split up. At this point there are just too many issues that neither of you will ever be able to forgive, forget or get over. 

Get some help for the drinking. Its no way to live. And her affair partner can worry if shell cheat on him, thats not your problem any more.
Thank you. 
Now I understand what ppl mean when they say it.
Can I ask what they nickel and dime you for?
I hear the words I’m reading in my head, but I actually read too fast and find I don’t retain what I read sometimes. 

So I have to purposely make myself read slower. And if I don’t understand what I read, I read it very slowly, out loud, pausing to make sure I’m getting it. 

I’m curious tho. Have you tried to purposely read faster? What happens? Do you retain the info?
I love that you know that much history of your family. 
Have you been back to Hungary to meet your relatives still in the village there?  

Those pics are so classic 50’s America.
I don’t necessarily have a problem with these materials being shipped, they have to be shipped somehow, but I’d like the rail companies to have an emergency response team that is always ready to jump right in if something were to happen. 

An approved, maybe regulated plan, from outside the company preferably.
Good job on the script. That way nothing gets taken out of context and you say all that needs to be said. 

And I never meant to imply anything dangerous or reckless about the weed as far as the baby goes, just saying it’s not the best in the long run for his problem.
Ah, big ones. 
I searched quick but didn’t find anything helpful. 

So I’d say go to the ER, but I’d tell them they passed out the same day, that way it’s an emergency and they have to treat. 

I’m sorry, I hope your relative will be ok.
While I agree you cannot make him go and get help, I would have one more conversation about it. 

Frame it as this- we have a child, we need to make sure we are at our best for them. If you won’t get help for yourself, at least do it for our child. It’s not healthy that your child will grow up seeing dad have a panic attack every day. And it’s not healthy to self medicate with marijuana, I’ve got nothing against it, it just ultimately isn’t going to solve his problem, it’s just pushing it down the road. 

Tell him you’ll go with him to any and all appointments until he finds a dr or therapist he likes. ( I’d ask friends, neighbors,anyone for a recommendation) and I’d call and explain his apprehension and ask them to please use kid gloves with him.
What kind of work up did the dr recommend? 
I don’t know about the ER, but I’d be surprised if they would do a work up there. I’m assuming a work up would be like a check up with labs? 

I found this tho-

https://www.needhelppayingbills.com/html/middlesex_county_clinics.html

Specifically look at the medical walk in and wellness in metuchen. 
It seems they are free and will do a check up, which usually involves lab work. Idk how the lab work would be billed tho. Maybe give them a call and ask. Explain what happened and what the dr said.
We need to know why your son has seemingly cut contact with you until he needs you to sign over the car. 

Depending on why the no contact, I’m not so sure I’d sign over the car since you had to pay off his sallie Mae loan. 
Are you sure he’s paying off his car? You might get stuck with that too. 

But I also agree I would never, ever sign a blank document. If you’re going to sign it over I’d make sure to fill it out first. You should know all then I do it’s asking for. And take and keep a copy of the filled out form.
This is what I did. And I am absolutely NO expert by any stretch. But this will at least help you to get an idea of how to get started. 

Go here. 

https://tdeecalculator.net/

This will give you an idea of how many calories you need to maintain your weight. 
Then subtract 25% of that amount and aim to eat that each day. 

Get a food scale to weigh everything. 

Then I just planned out what to eat for B,L, and dinner for the next 2 or 3 days. I went shopping so I had everything I needed to stick with it. 

I very rarely eat breakfast, just coffee, but I almost always had a huge salad for lunch with tomato, olives, carrot, cucumber and a protein. The protein was either left over chicken from the night before or even just a can of tuna ( in water). I did add dressing but a low cal and never more than 2 tbspns. 
Dinner was 3 or 4 oz of chicken, fish or beef and vegetables. And a small salad. Lots of vegs. 
And water was the only thing I drank. Lots and lots of water. 

Snacks were portioned out nuts or a string cheese or just plain carrots. 
Have a glass of water before you snack to see if you really want to snack , or if you just wanted something. 

It seems daunting at first but you will get used to it pretty quickly. 

But weigh everything!  I even weighed out teeny amounts of carrot and celery for my salad- a lot of times it ended up being like 6 calories but I still counted it. 

You can do this, just don’t try to be so militant crazy to start because you won’t stick with it. It’s ok to be over your calories when you start, but you want to be over by 50, not 500!
I would cruise alone, but make sure to go to the solo traveler meet up on the ship.

Go meet other solos, these would be the people you can hang around with on that sailing, and you might get lucky and find one or two who you get along with and can plan future trips with. 

I wouldn’t trust rooming with a random stranger.
I’m a little confused about Justin. 

He’s not the baby’s dad, we know that. 
You met him when you both lived in diff states and somehow he just decided he would be “dad” and you allowed that? 
Then you break up and he still wants to be dad? Even going as far as wanting to help with daycare? 
Have you even met this person? Have you ever lived in the same place? 
All of this seems really really odd. 

You broke up, he wasn’t in your life or your sons, for all that long as a dad figure, so why would you even entertain the idea of him being a father figure to your son? 

Now, Brian on the other hand, do you 
know for a fact that he is the father?  

Because, honestly, it might be better for your son if he’s not.  The in/ out is ultimately going to leave your child feeling not enough. He doesn’t support the child, and you seem to be doing ok without him. 

And now Greg, I would have him tested to see if he’s actually your sons dad. 
Even if you don’t want any support from him and even if he doesn’t want anything to do with his child, it’s better for everyone involved to have a definitive answer to this question. 

If he is, then you can cut Brian out all together because really, who needs the problems he comes with? He’s out of state, has 2 other kids, is in and out on a whim and doesn’t pay any support. 

In short
- find out who the father actually is, then decide if you want to go for support and visitation 
- don’t have some random out of town guy playing dad to your son
- live your life, raise your son and don’t be so quick to want to have a daddy for him.
YTA
Show some respect for your grandfather, and your grandmother. 

Is this really something you want to even have an argument with your family about, at this time? 
Everyone’s stressed, on edge, and it’s going to become about more than what it actually is. 

This is not the time or place for you to make this about you, your clothing choices over the years, or what your family thinks about your choices. 

Either wear the dress pants or bring them and change into them.
Why are you even entertaining anything she says? 

After telling her you’re done, this is not working for you anymore, wish her well and hang up!  
Block her everywhere and get on with your life. 

She lives 4 hrs away from you, it’s not like she’s gonna go around town talking about you or making your life miserable. 

It’s not really that hard.
This has been my fear forever! 

Also, not just being uncovered, but I could never even have my feet hang off the bed. 

I do not have any idea how people sleep with no covers, not even a sheet. Nope! I need an actual comforter even in the summer.
NTA. at all. 

This is a lovely thing to do with your niece(s). 
And especially since it’s the younger ones first time, it should be just the 4 of you. 

This is something you and your sister can do forever with the girls and they will love it. 

I’m sure your sil does things with her sibs and all the kids, they don’t have to infringe on your day.
Ok so wait, I’m confused- 
The general tip box welfare thing, what exactly is this? 

Are you saying the gratuities that we all pay is not going to the crew?
I’ve read it’s room steward and the other positions that guests don’t see like cooks, laundry, etc., workers who don’t normally interact with guests. 

I always pay mine and give the steward extra, but I’d like to know that the behind the scenes people are getting their cut. 

So if we don’t pay it, the cook and laundry people will still get their same salary, but the company will then be shouldering the burden of that whole amount ( which they should anyway) instead of being supplemented by guests? 

If that’s the case, I’m taking my tips off and will try to find a way to funnel $ to those people, and of course tip the steward his “cut” plus my extra. 

Am I understanding this correctly?
NAH 
But he cannot always respond the way you want or need. He doesn’t know what you want him to do or what you need. 

Here’s the thing tho, 
You’ve been together since you were 15 and both of you are going to go off to college and will have a whole host of new experiences and meet new people. Not just him. 

Not to be mean, but I would be very surprised if one of you, if not both of you get to college and realize you don’t want to be tied down to someone who is not part of your every day. It could very well be you deciding there’s someone else out there that you’d like to get to know. 

It happens. And it should happen. You both need to be free to grow and mature. 

The summer before college is a weird time, both of you are going to be anxious, nervous about going away, being on your own for the first time, can you handle it, will you find friends, will you be able to keep up with classes, etc. 
So don’t stress about hypothetical things when you have enough real things that will stress you out.
We went twice in one day and my H was “that guy” both times! 
The rest of us loved it, he was not amused. 🤣
NTA for not giving a gift. 

It’s costing you a lot to go, and she did say it’s understandable, so believe her. 

Before I say more tho, what kind of reception has no alcohol and no food? What exactly is everyone supposed to do during the “party” part of the wedding reception? 

But there’s a few things you say that come off as concerning:

-why do you care that they are married but having the celebration later? Maybe they did it for tax purposes, for religious reasons, or just because they felt like it. Not your business 

-Your thought that she won’t be giving you a gift when you get married next year is bizarre. They are almost 10 yrs younger than you and your bf, how much of a gift were you actually expecting from them?

-not having alcohol at the wedding isn’t odd at all really. Plenty of people make that choice. 

Im getting weird vibes as if you’re taking her wedding as a slight against you personally somehow. 
She’s having her celebration before yours even tho you’ve been engaged longer, she picked the worst time according to your schedule and her wedding is not what you deem acceptable. 
Her wedding really has nothing to do with you, your bf, or anyone else. 

you understandably said it’s costing you a lot to go and how it’s really stretching the budget, but you’ve already got 2 weddings you’re going to next year, undoubtably your friends or fam, and I can see how you’d say well those were planned and hers was a quickie thing that came up and wasn’t really budgeted for, but this is the family you are going to marry into, so I’d stretch that budget, go with a smile and don’t burn bridges before you’ve even been accepted into the family. 

And it’s not your place to fight your bf’s family battles. If he’s always put last, it’s up to him to fix it or not. I’m still not sure what the parents or grands having money has anything to do with bf being put last tho.
I think it comes from our education system. 
Most people graduate HS at 17-18 and years back it was pretty common to get married to your hs sweetheart. 

So if you’re married at 18, you have to be allowed to do all the adult things- job, mortgage, kids, etc. 

And I agree with the other poster, by 18 you’ve seen and heard enough to be able to make wise choices. Why some might not is for the same reasons why a 25 or 35 or any other age might not.
I’m going to assume you’re still somewhat young. 

Ignoring him isn’t the way to go about this or any other issue or problem that comes up. 

Use your words- you think he was joking, but you’re not sure, so you ignore him for 15 min but then after that amount of time you what? Just start engaging with him again as if nothing happened? 
Then what was the actual point of not talking to him in the first place. 

Look, if he says something and you aren’t sure if it’s an insult or a joke, you have two ways to handle this-

- Might be a joke? Answer back with a joke- “ you’re free to leave at any time, there’s the door” and see what he says. He probably would answer back with something like he just hates shopping, that’s like the hundredth store we’ve been in, etc. 
you banter back and forth a few times and it’s over. 

- you think it’s insulting? Then you tell him, “ hey that hurt, what’s the problem”? And he explains the exact same thing as above, he’s just frustrated being in the mall. 

Learn now how to communicate, it will save you tons of drama in the future.
Think back to every place you have been since you last remember seeing it on the counter. 
Like literally sit down, close your eyes and go back thru every single thing you’ve done. 

Check every outfit you wore, every car you were in, every couch you sat on, every backpack or pocketbook you used. 
Were you studying at any time, check in your books. 
Did you pack a carry on or travel bag, check the outside pockets.
It’s only been 5 months- why are you so desperate to keep this guy? 

He treats you horribly and you keep going back for more. 

Block him everywhere, stay single for a bit, I think you need to feel better about yourself before you get involved with anyone.
Check out NCL. ( I don’t know anything about any other lines as I haven’t sailed them, sorry) 

they have a deal now that the second person flies free. But all the sailings in Oct are at least 9 days. 

You can do a complete mock booking, so you’ll see the total cost of the trip with the air included. 
The least expensive cabin will be an inside. 
I did a mock booking, 9 day, Southampton but ending in Lisbon. 
Inside cabin for 2, their free at sea promo, ( look it up if you don’t know what that is) with air round trip from Chicago ( picked a middle of the USA airport) and transfers from airport to ship and ship back to airport. 
Total: $3792.46

Do a lot of research. Understand what you are getting for that price. Look at the ship and decide if it has the amenities you would like. 

Booking air thru the cruise line means you get the cheapest flight they can get. Times might not be ideal. I suggest paying for a 1 or 2 day deviation so you’re in the UK early in case of flight delays. 

Check out Costco travel also. 
If you have a cc with miles see if you can use them for flights and then you can shop around for travel agent deals also. ( but if you book thru a 3 rd party travel agent just know that the cruise line will not speak to you about anything to do with the booking because you technically are not the one who booked it.) 

I hope this helps.
I agree so much with this. 

I don’t like Mexican food all that much, but I have never even tried refried beans. 
Just the look of it, never mind the smell makes me gag.
NTA
It’s pretty standard procedure which if he’s a regular he would know. 

Anyway, would it help if you mentioned it to the dr.? 
I would like to think the dr doesn’t want him talking to his staff the way he did.
You don’t say how long you are together. 

In my opinion, this is in no way cheating. 

What happened was you saw a very attractive person and had a physical response to the level of attractiveness. 
It happens. Whatever this guy looked like just hit your senses in a certain way. 

It doesn’t mean you don’t find your bf attractive, doesn’t mean you don’t like or love him. 

I wouldn’t say a word to bf. All that will do is start drama of “you dont find me attractive, you don’t want to be with me, you want him”. 
Honestly it’s just not worth it. 
Are you bored that you’re not fighting anymore, cause this feels like you’re looking for more things to fight about. 

You guys are really young, but if you are under the misguided idea that once you love someone, you should never find any other person attractive, you’re going to find that is just not the case. 
If you think your bf does not find any other girls attractive, you’re kidding yourself.


Edit to add:
Or you just were fed up with fighting with your bf and your subconscious is telling you to break up.
 NTA

You didn’t say anything even slightly upsetting. 

the fact of the matter is that Maddie is not your mothers D and the heirlooms are being passed down through your mothers family. 

Maddie might have a case to be upset if these heirlooms were passed down thru your dads family, but they are not. 

Maddie is 17, she knows how this stuff works.
So you guys haven’t been together all that long. 
Is there any truth to him saying if it wasn’t for the baby you wouldn’t be together?  Or was he just saying that to hurt you because you hurt him? 

Is his need to get rich now a new thing? Maybe he’s stressing about what he thinks should be his role as provider for the family, now with the baby on the way. 

The thing is, starting his own business is going to take all of his time to get going. When is he gonna have time to be a dad? Get to know his baby? Give you a break from work and parenthood? 

Your text was a bit rough, but the basic message needed to be said. 
You should have had a serious talk about what you see the future like. 

Be the bigger person and go talk to him. Get this settled or it’ll keep coming up again and again.
How long are you two together?
Do they have a registry? 

If I could afford it, for sibs I’d go with something big, car seat, stroller, high chair, etc. 

If I couldn’t afford that or I’m a younger sib who doesn’t work yet or still in school, I’d get a baby bath and fill it with bath supplies- towels, shampoo, baby wash, rubber ducky. 

And diapers!  They’ll need lots of diapers. (
But not newborn size, go one or two sizes up, everyone gets newborn and they grow out of them pretty quick)
Sorry, this is gonna come off as slightly mean, but, what exactly are you bringing to the table?

You work when you’re not sleeping most of the day due to your anxiety and depression, you have no hobbies, not that I think it’s a big deal, but it could make you you seem to be kind of boring. 

You don’t like sex, but are willing if the guy is successful enough- frankly, that is so gross. Because you seem to think it’s a transaction- take me out, buy me things and I’ll lay back and suffer while you do your thing. 

yet you’re looking for a guy, who, by your own admission seemingly has everything going for him. Oh and this guy has to put you on a pedestal. 

Ask yourself why this imaginary wish list guy would want to be with you? 

You’re going about this all wrong. 

Relationships take time, and you have to put in the time. Stop looking for prince charming and find your own prince, one who melds into your life, not one who comes ready made with a lifestyle that you think you deserve. 
Build that lifestyle together. 

Just something to think about.
Can I ask what you mean by you work when you get the motivation? 

Do you not work full time? Have your own business?
I’m not really sure why location would have anything to do with laundering clothes, but I’ll give some ideas. 

I’m assuming you have a washing machine. 

You can try just adding regular laundry bleach to your wash. 

For stains, best thing I’ve found is oxyclean. 
I wet the garment, put a little of the powder on the stain and work it into a sort of paste. Let it be for a bit, then launder it. I add about a half scoop into the washing machine along with whatever detergent I use. 

I have also soaked generally dingy whites in hot water and the oxyclean. 
I try to get the oxy to dissolve, add the garment, leave overnight and then launder. 

If you don’t have a washing machine, use your bathtub.
I’m very late to the party, but with regards to him mentioning his age, it may be that he’s saying that if you have met, he may not remember it. 

I think based off your LOR, which he read, this prof probably found something in it that peaked his interest in you - was there any mention of a project you worked on with the student, maybe he is just interested in your particular field, maybe he just likes to meet the up and coming people in the field. 

Either way, I think it might turn out to be a very interesting lunch. Think of the stories he could tell you from years back in regards to your field of study. 
(I had an older prof of paleontology who had the most fascinating stories of his field work)

If you do end up meeting him, can you update us please?
NTA. 

If she’s your friend she would already know that you have been trying to have a baby for a few years. 

Does she really think you would plan to be pregnant or have had a baby right around her wedding on purpose?  

She’s literally being a bitch right now. 
And the worse part for me is that the other bridesmaids felt the need to text you. Who the hell do these women think they are? Your pregnancy is none of their or anybody else’s business. 

They can all just fuck right off!  I wouldn’t even go, and even better, I wouldn’t even tell her I’m not showing up.
What a wonderful thing to do. 

I’m sure that boy was thrilled!  

Well done!
NTA

Has it occurred to your H that maybe his dad doesn’t want to move? 

It’s quite normal for fil to be sad and unhappy. He just lost his lifelong spouse. 

But it may be that being in their home brings him some amount of comfort? 
(It did for my mil and my stepdad)

Your H and his dad just have to go through the grieving process. It may take some time, but they will get to where they are back to a new normal. 
It takes time. There is no rushing it. 

Your H doesn’t want to hear it now, but you’re absolutely right- his dad should not be making any major decisions this soon.
Sorry but if mom has issues and the child, who is still very young isn’t in school and is spending 24 hrs with an unstable person, then yes, it’s much safer and better for the well-being of the child to be placed elsewhere until mom can get the help she needs. 

It’s not like the 7 yo can raise a red flag for himself. 

Better they make the call and a trained impartial person can go and assess if all is ok. 

If it is, then great!  Everything goes back to the way it is. 

But if it’s not? Then both mom and child get the help they need.
Im not saying you should go, but here’s a thought. 

You should ask him to find out what the schedule actually is surrounding the wedding. What activities does he have to be there for if any. 

Have him ask the groom what the seating is like. Sometimes the bridal party is sat at one table together with their dates. Or is there a get together prior to the wedding for the bridal party and their dates, you’ll meet the other plus ones, who if you’re not seated with your bf you’ll be with the other plus ones, but you’ll have already met them. 

I can’t imagine there’s something wedding related every day for a week. 

If there’s a few days he needs to do wedding things, then you visit your family. If there’s days he’s free then you guys can explore the city together.
I only buy audiobooks for books that I have read. 
I put them on when cleaning or driving, or cooking, or on a Bluetooth when I shower. 

It’s my background so I don’t have to really listen so intently to get the story since I already know it, if that makes sense. 

If I listen to an audiobook that is new to me, I wouldn’t be able to do anything else because I’d have to pay attention to what’s going on in the story.
If your D stayed home from may to Dec, did she even have any income that would require her to file income taxes. 

Call me crazy, but if she didn’t  pay any income tax, because she didn’t work and stayed home with her kid while also pregnant, there’s no way she can get a refund. 

I think you’re fine but I’d check to see what would happen if she also files, and you both get audited, what will you need to show to prove you, and not her supported this child.

Keep the refund. You earned it.
I had read about this before, so here’s the answer. 

https://medtegrity.us/blog/history-of-baby-blankets/

I loved those blankets. Took one home with each child.
When you feel it’s the right time, and the other person feels it’s the right time. 

But please, pay attention to what your kids think and say about this person. 
If they have any apprehension at all about you pairing up, or spending time with your partner, take a step back and introduce very slowly. 

In other words, don’t force your kids to accept this person, it will never work in the long term.
Trust me, I know more about planning than I ever thought I would need to! 😁

Just some people find it off putting in the beginning, until they realize how good it can be! 

And you’re right, about dates when dating.
Here’s a thought. It takes some planning but it might help 

Pick a night you’d be ok having sex, when he comes home, or even during the day, let him know sex is on the table for early evening. I’ll guess he’d shower, since that’s his usual, and while you finish getting dinner ready, have him hang out in the kitchen with you. Or he cooks, whoever does whatever. 

He should, since he knows what’s coming, be flirty and affectionate with you, and since you need that romancing it’ll set the tone. 

Then by a decent hour you guys have your fun, he’s happy, you’re happy, and then you can do your night routine and get to bed at a decent time to get enough sleep. ( and he can play his games while you’re having a bath, if he still want to play afterwards) 

I get that planning sexy time seems, idk, weird? Strange? But sometimes it’s just what needs to happen.
Sorry, but as someone who has a hard line at cheating, he is totally justified in not wanting anything to do with you. 
That’s my one and done. 

You lost this good one, learn from that. 

now figure out why you allow yourself to get so trashed when you go out. He didn’t get you smashed, you allowed that to happen.
You met this guy for 1 month.

He went back home way across the planet. 

Did you really think he’s going to want to be in an exclusive long distance texting relationship with you?  

Why would you even want that? 

The smartest thing you did was cut him off- for both of you. Now you can both find someone that you can have a real relationship with.
YTA. 

Not only a huge AH, but you’re insane to boot! 

Who the hell do you think you are asking your supposed friends to wake up early to practice hair and make up for your stupid wedding? 

These are grown ass woman who I am sure know how to do their hair and make up. 

They don’t need to practice, and they don’t have to make any sacrifices for your wedding. 

Leave them alone or you won’t have any friends.
No
Does Hayley have any friends?  It may be that she doesn’t have anyone else to talk to, vent to, or ask advice of. If not she needs to get out there and meet other woman or ideally, other moms.  

So she relies on the only people she knows. 

Does she even want to live in Switzerland? She’s only been there less than a year no? 

I’d maybe have a talk with her and explain that you and your mom cannot be the ones to solve her marriage problems. 
It’s does no good to have the whole family involved in personal matters. 
She needs to talk to her H about these things. 

If she thinks it’s bad enough they can get some counseling. (Be prepared with a counseling service, because she’ll undoubtedly have no clue where to go) 

I wouldn’t write her off just yet, she’s had a lot of changes in a short amount of time. She might feel a bit like a fish out of water and she’s floundering.
Barely having arguments just isn’t a good enough basis for moving so fast. 

You barely know this woman. It takes longer than 6 mo to really get to know someone.  Is her behavior in this instance a taste of what’s to come?  Idk, and neither do you. 

Add to that she MADE you cut out your best woman friend. That alone tells me she’s a lot more controlling than you are allowing yourself to admit. 

Look, I’m just saying slow things down- a lot. 

You say you both came out of abusive and toxic relationships, so I have to wonder if you would recognize a healthy one. You’re so used to a bad one, those old familiar patterns may seem “normal” to you.
You’ve been together 6 mo and are already engaged 

She has a best male friend you have never met 

accused you of cheating, after dinner and took a pic of your lips???

 gave you the silent treatment and won’t even look at you 

This isn’t the happily ever after you think it is.
It’s going to take her a long time to undo what’s been ingrained in her mindset for so long. But good for her for getting help. 

Maybe you can ask the therapist if it would be ok for you to put some small decisions back on her, but only if the therapist says it’s ok. 
Small ones, like what other brand to buy. Have a code word or phrase when she calls and you can answer with something like, “ I trust you to make the decision, there is no wrong choice, so feel free to decide”. 
It validates her while also encouraging her to make these small decisions. 

Now of course you’re not going to tell her if the brand or product or choice she made is wrong. You’re going to have to just go with it, even if you don’t like it. That’s a sure fire way to set her back. 

She will see that she doesn’t have to defer to you for everything and there are no adverse consequences to that.
The problem with H’s mental health issues is that he hasn’t actually had much legitimate help for it. 

He went to a real therapist for a bit,( anybody know why he stopped?)
but after that he went on a crusade of trying to heal himself through some very unconventional means. 

He doesn’t want to actually get better - he thinks he’s perfectly healthy. He has it all figured out. 

Didn’t he say something like ( paraphrasing here) he wanted the whole fam to get therapy so they could understand that THEY are the problem. They need to be made to see that they are the bad guys, they treated his wife wrong, they didn’t protect them ( whatever the f that means), they drove them out of the fam, they made it untenable for them to stay, etc, etc, etc. 
As if him and the witch weren’t culpable at all. 

He is just so out of touch with reality.
She probably didn’t remember any of it and her bf had to tell her how she acted. 

She’s mortified about her behavior and is probably avoiding having to talk to you, especially after she read your text. 

Maybe give her another day or two and text her again. Just ask how she’s doing and see if she answers you. 

I wonder if the bf actually put her out.
I saw a woman win over 1 million on a wheel of fortune game in Atlantic City!

She was seriously shocked. She said she doesn’t usually gamble, had no idea what to do, just hit max bet.
I wouldn’t hug. When you’re introduced just give a wave and say hi, it’s not to meet you.  

Since you haven’t been around kids, just think of them as small people. 
You must have some idea what they like from their dad, so ask about those. 

And don’t disparage anything they say. You might not like snakes but the kid has a pet snake for example. You don’t say snakes are gross, you say I’ve never been around a snake and you talk about feeding it and caring for it, etc. 

Just be yourself, don’t be too quiet, but don’t take over the conversation either. 

Don’t rush, this is only step one, slow and steady is the best way to go.
Hawaii. 

Never had a huge interest in going, but we did and it was beautiful. 
Lots to see and do, or you can just enjoy the beach. 

It’s also kind of expensive, so a honeymoon splurge is justified.
We’re retired. 

It’s only that organized out of necessity really. 

A couple years ago, they went off in the middle of the night, of course no fire but we couldn’t get them to stop so had to get the fire dept out. 

After that my H started putting the install dates on them and this last episode we figured since the batteries were being changed might as well date them too. 
And they’re only hard wired cause we had an addition put on years ago and had to bring it all up to code.
We change ours every daylight savings time. But we did it about a month ago. 

Mine are hard wired, and went off one night. But it stopped. And then went off again. ( not the beep, the actual, fire, fire!)

So after realizing there’s no fire we set out to figure out which detector was faulty. 

In that process, we changed every battery, and a few of the older detectors. 

Of course the last one we had to check was the one that was faulty. This detector was 10 years old!  None of the other ones in the whole house were as old. (Most were about 3 years old, have no idea why we never changed out this one) 

So now every detector has a date written on it when it was installed and every battery also has the date we replaced them. 

Oh and detectors usually only have a lifespan of 10 years.
Seriously. It’s been 2 years and she’s still not over her ex? 

It’s not like she’s just pining away secretly, she’s  actively trying to meet up with him. 

Do you want to be her placeholder until this guy decides he wants her back and she dumps you? 

Im sure there’s someone out there who actually wants to be with you cause this girl isn’t it.
 Just to mention, they could have had the cruise line book them up to two days prior to embark date. NCL has that option. 

Of course that means they have to have more days off and pay for hotels and meals for those days, so a lot of people can’t do that, or just don’t want to. 

Personally, I would never fly in on day of embark. Especially with an international flight. It’s just too risky. 

And travel insurance is great for this scenario, but the dissapointment of missing my vacation needs to be taken into consideration also.
Because it doesn’t make any sense. 

Fed student loans were never going to cover the full cost of college. 
The maximum loan that can be taken out thru the govt is $31,000, divided over 4 years. 

In the big picture, this isn’t a crippling amount, people end up with huge debt because they then go out and get private loans for the balance. (Or their parents take out parent loans with the agreement that the student pay it back)


So the govt makes the loan, the student graduates and pays back the loan with interest. 

The act of repaying this loan plus the interest is then used to fund the next batch of students that need them. 

Cancelling $10,000, or $20,000 for pell grant recipients of loans is essentially taking away some of the ability of this loan program to fund itself. 
So that means the govt, - essentially every taxpayer- is paying for this relief.

I have a definite problem with continuing a program that  basically has no funding source other than more spending. 

The govt is making loans to incoming freshman for sept of this year. Where is that money coming from?  

So we cancel some amount now, but what about graduates in 2024 and beyond? Do they get some relief too? 

Look, I get the economy isn’t great, I have 3 kids that have this debt. 

How about we ensure that students who took these loans satisfy their legal obligation? They may have a few tough years as they begin their careers and life, but it isn’t like every other generation hasn’t had mostly the same exact scenario. 

Of course some had it better at times, but that is simply because of what was happening at the time, and the economy and jobs and salaries all have ups and downs.
Oh yeah, you’re fine then. 
I thought it was a not seeing her ever thing. 

But rethink the wedding. Mostly so your H doesn’t have to go alone, and he doesn’t get all the Q’s about where you are from everyone. (unless he doesn’t care, then you’re good)

Im pretty sure she’s the type that won’t even notice you’re there- too busy being fawned over by her bridesmaids, or yelling at the caterer.
While I agree she sounds unreasonable,(I’m trying to be nice),
The fact is that she is marrying into your husbands family. 

Which means whether you want to associate with her or not, there are going to be times when you will be around her. Think holidays, in-law bdays, children bdays, family weddings( not hers), funerals, etc. 

So you have to decide how you’re going to navigate all this without having the rest of the family get on your case for it. 

The wedding- you and H should go, it’s his bro. Your parents should decline. ( idk why they would even want to go). They babysit for you that night. 

The shower- you decline, and just say you’re working that weekend. They don’t need to know it’s on call or whatever. 

Any other occasions, you go, your in-laws are not going to take kindly to never seeing their son on a holiday because you don’t like sil, and maybe your H wants to spend some time with his parents. 
You say hi and bye and be civil. 

There’s ways to navigate thru this.
Thanks for the update! 

Amazing that they admit it’s their issue and still refused to refund 

Good on you for going higher. 

Here’s hoping the refund comes soon. 

Have a great trip.
So I found this recipe

https://www.sugarfreemom.com/recipes/low-carb-corned-beef-and-cabbage-instant-pot-or-crock-pot/

Im not so sure it’s a bad meal as it’s 285 cal for a 4 oz serving of the beef. 
Just trim any remaining fat, which I think you’d do anyway. 

But it has a very high salt content According to this

https://podcasts.ufhealth.org/avoiding-the-caloric-bomb-of-corned-beef-and-cabbage/

The first recipe is how I cook mine
Just put it in a pot and boil. I add the cabbage and potatoes pretty much after the beef is cooked because I don’t like when they get really mushy. 
I cook the vegs just until the potatoes are soft and the cabbage is cooked thru but slightly firm.
I can’t help with spring break stuff but If you really have to go to Key West, rent a car 

Miami to key west is a 4 hour drive 
And Orlando to Key West is a 6 hour drive. 
Idk where you’re flying into.
Absolutely agree with everything you wrote. 

But I didn’t mean to imply drop them at the club all day long. (It seems a lot of people thought that’s what I meant.
So to expand on that. 

Just if the choice is roam free or kids club, I’d opt kids club. At least the first few days for a bit to have a chance to meet other kids. 
And I said if he meets a buddy and wants to do something else, have the boy set a time and him and buddy can go do that or those things. 

And if he has a phone, even better, he can text where they’re gonna go next. 
“We’re done here, going for ice cream or in the pool or wherever” so at least the parents have an idea of where he is. 

I think that’s fair, gives him a bit of free movement without mom or dad tagging along, but he’s with a buddy or two and can get small doses of roaming free ( but somewhat controlled, if that makes sense)
So just so I’m clear-

This is on government ( or company) issued devices. 

If that’s the case, I don’t have a problem with it. 

What am I missing if anything? 

I know about China tracking and all that, but there’s got to be more to it since there’s such a ruckus around it.
NTA

The main thing is that this is passed on through your MOMS family. 

Your dad, and especially your half sis from him, have zero connection to your moms side. 

That’s your out- this is from moms side, not dads. 
Tell her to have her grandparents write down their recipes. She can have that. 

You’re not even close with this half sister, so I have no idea why she’d even care.
I wouldn’t let a 10 yo roam around alone. 
The kids club is where he should be. 

If he meets a friend in the club and they want to do something specific, like go to the arcade, do the ropes course, etc then he needs to ask if he can do that at a specific time. 

So maybe don’t put him in the club at that time, but they meet up where they’re gonna go to meet the friend and then they go off. But I’d walk him to the meeting place and at least meet the other kid. 

Does he have a phone so he can at least tell you where he is- like, after the arcade we’re going for ice cream, then we’re going wherever.
NTA
Your wife is being a bad mother in regards to your sons health. 

Your wife just doesn’t want to admit that your son is unwell. 
So it’s up to you now to help your son. 

Go to your son and ask him what he wants to do. He seems to relate better to you anyway. 

Is that therapy, or meds( NOT painkillers, more along the lines of an anti depressant), or does he just want a semester off to stay home, get out in nature, or just have no stress. 

Don’t dictate what he should be doing. 

He knows he’s unwell. He probably has some idea what he needs at this moment. 

Then facilitate doing what he wants to do for himself.
She was granted legal custody and the dad asked for no visitation. 

But dad was ordered to pay support. 

So I’ll guess the court didn’t decide visitation because he said he didn’t want it. 
Now he and his whole family suddenly wants to see the son.
I really hate that every time I hear of a dog attack I automatically think it’s a pit bull. 
But it is always a pit bull. 

I keep hearing that these dogs are really sweet when trained well, but these dogs were bred to be vicious. 

So even if it’s a well trained dog, there can  be circumstances where the dog will revert back to its basic instinct of being vicious. 

I don’t know what circumstance this could be, but it seems to happen.
Anyone else just curious why exactly
 his parents need a 
   
   “No doing dangerous things in the house” 

rule to begin with? 

YTA
stop doing dangerous things in your parents house, or you won’t have a house, or parents to come home to.
Why do you want to be married to someone who is not in love with you? 

How can you look at him, a guy who lied and cheated pretty much the whole time you are together, and not be absolutely disgusted by what you see?  That alone would make me lose any love I had for him. 

Don’t sacrifice any more of your dignity and pride for a guy who will cheat and/or move on from you when he finds something better in a heartbeat.
I am a parent, although mine are out of school now. 

I would not allow anyone associated with the school to touch my child’s personal laptop. 

If the school is so worried, they can give my child a laptop that only allows access to approved sites for schoolwork only. 

I’d ask your parents about this whole scenario.
Totally agree. 

She’s pushing back school so she can go on vacation, with money they don’t have. 
If they have extra money for a vacation that money should be used to pay down the debt. 

It’s understandable now why they have such debt.
 NTA

It’s really presumptuous of your bro and ex sil to tell your niece you would buy her a car?! Or even worse that you’d pay for her party?!! 

They are her parents, if they want her to have these things, they can buy them. 

If bro and ex own both homes why did they not divide them at the time of the divorce? 

This is your bro’s fight to fight. I wouldn’t do anything either. He made this mess, he can figure it out. 

In the event mom is forced to get out, then you can discuss with mom where she wants to live and if that means buying her a house then you do it.
I really don’t think I can take anymore of “her truth”. 

Now, if she wants to admit to “the” truth, I might listen. 

But we know she’d never do that. It will make her look bad.
But do you realize that the  loan you paid off, including the interest, actually funded the next group of kids that need loans?  

The fed govt only backed those loans so they had enough money to fund the next round of loans? 

I have  kids that are all paying off their loans. Of course they stopped when it was on pause, but I told all of them to make sure they didn’t spend that amount of their budget for when they had to start repaying them.

Oh, and my H and I paid ours off too.
I agree. I think first time employees need a bit of in office experience. 

You def get a lay of the land that way. 
You learn the in office politics, and just a general how to behave in an office setting.
I like seeing them. It’s kind of fun, seeing usually older couples riding. 

I always think the guy was a biker back i. the day, maybe and he had to give it up. So this is the closest hell
 come to riding. 

And he has his partner with him. It’s nice.
Oahu was absolutely gorgeous!  
Enjoy
 The med on a cruise. Italy, Greece, turkey. Montenegro. 

Cannot wait!  
Spending a few days in rome, then doing a trans Atlantic back to Fla. 

It’s my longest vacation. Cannot wait.
Just find a teenager in the neighborhood to watch your kids at your home while your wife works. And ask your parents for the every other weekend, or whatever their schedule can do. 

Paying might cut into the amount of money your wife is making, but you don’t really have a choice do you? 

Even if you get the kids in daycare, is your wife really going to be making enough money to cover it? 
If it’s just a matter of her wanting to work, put the little one in daycare, while the 5 yo is in school and she can work those hours. 

Your wife cannot be mad at your parents. I’m sure it sounded good at the time, but the reality was it was unsustainable long term for them.
And that’s what you should have said at the time. 

(I also went to one store and found mine. Also only tried on a few. 
But I had been looking thru “brides” magazine ( do they still have that) for months. I kept coming back to the same one. 
And it was THE one, and 33 years later, I still love it!
Nah, this person will not care what anyone else has to say. 

Take what responses you have gotten here and decide for yourself what your next move should be. 

This is YOUR life, don’t leave it up to someone who belittles you. 

Look at what 5pinktoes has to say about the power imbalance. She is spot on!  
You have none if you stay.
All of this is really odd 

Why does he even care how long it took you to find a dress?  He should be thrilled, now you wont be stressing that “ you’re never gonna find one”, that happens a lot. 

For him to get mad over this is uncalled for. 
Does he frequently get mad over trivial things. Maybe that should be a conversation.
You’re not being sensitive. 

Every one of those examples are meant to demean you. The person saying them seems to have a very high opinion of themselves, and you won’t ever measure up to them. 

This person will not change, they will not understand how these words bother you - ever. 

I wouldn’t put up with it.
Slight YTA 

I understand  that in your experience laying it out so bluntly has been the way to shut down any debate, but I think you should have ( and in the future should) explain the reasoning once. If a debate ensues or your explanation is questioned, then you go nuclear. 

In other words, nice first, then nuclear. 

And hey, don’t stress. It’s one day. It will be wonderful, even if not perfect. 
Nothing is ever perfect. 
When you feel stressed, take a step back. Calm yourself and then go back to it.   One thing, one decision at a time.
Suppers done. Roast beef. 

To let D know.
You were only dating the first girl for a little over a month, so I do not think there’s anything wrong with breaking up with her to start dating another. 

That’s the point of dating. You date, you break up when you find someone else you like better. 

I would suggest not becoming exclusive with anyone until you date for longer than a month, and get to know that person better. As you found out, you really didn’t like the way the first girl treated you. 

Take your time with the new girl. Don’t go all in until you’ve dated for a while and make sure she is someone you have an actual real connection with. 

And really, get a hold of your emotions, you should not be upset because you may have caused someone to be sad. It’s going to happen, doesn’t make you a bad person. 
And frankly, the first girl doesn’t sound like such a nice person with the way she spoke to you. 

Any partner is going to, at times, say something you don’t like but it’s in those times that you think about what caused them to say it. Reflect and ask yourself if it’s justified, and fight the times it is not, and admit when it is.
First off, don’t have the open relationship talk until you have exhausted every other possible solution.  Keep in mind, even if she says ok, she may not be, and she will be home with your child while you’re out with another woman, which could then lead to a complete breakdown of your marriage. 
Tread very carefully here. 

So it’s been 4 years? And she hasn’t given you any explanation? 

Explain to her that she can no longer put off having this conversation. 

There’s obviously something going on with her and you need to know what it is. It is not fair to you or the relationship that she’s not willing to discuss a fundamental issue that you feel you are having. 

Yes of course caring for the baby is important, but not to the detriment of the marriage. There needs to be a balance. 

Start there and see what she says and where the conversation goes.
Did you ask why? What did she say the reason is? 

Im surprised you stayed that long. 

Do you miss really her, or do you just miss the idea of having someone in your life?  Your whole schedule is all changed up, maybe you just need to get into a new normal.
Humans need physical touch. We need to feel intimacy with our partners. It almost seems cruel to me that she’d withhold cuddling and kissing. 
Does she think you really cannot control yourself? That’s insulting. 

Do I have it right that she just decided after 6 mo of dating to no longer have sex?  Because you were together 1 1/2 yrs but haven’t had sex in 1 yr.
NTA

Wear what you like, and have her son tell his mom that she’s crossing a line with trying to dictate what you both wear. 

I liked showers better when the bride or mom to be had no idea and was surprised. 

your mil would have had a stroke if she saw what I wore to mine. 
I didn’t even know it was my shower so it was leggings and a long sweater, with sneakers!  😁
I don’t think so. I’d think they aren’t really hot. 

Like this:

https://www.michaels.com/product/white-led-flameless-tea-light-candles-by-ashland-10467190?srsltid=Ad5pg_EW4ilBjDk_g4rp4n-lGSXJqcgHVmT_oHInj6QFUsyXeHs5liOOsNg

These are a bit pricey so I’d shop around.
 NTA at all. 

Candles are dangerous and a 10 yo really cannot grasp the absolute seriousness of if something goes wrong. 

Anyway, buy her a few of the battery operated tea lights that she can place in nice holders. 
She’ll get the effect of candles with no risk.
You know what tho, it’s a big bday. You only turn 40 once, you’re already splurging for the Haven. 

Go for it!  Make this trip your ultra splurge for yourself. I’m sure you deserve it. Live it up!  

And one other tip, if you drink red wine, the East/West red blend is really good. (It’s an NCL proprietary blend.)
And the Gerard Bertrand cab is also really good.
Figure out realistically how many drinks you are going to have from the premium list. 
Add in the cost of the excursions you’re looking at taking and see if 
the cost works out to even close to what you’d pay extra, then I’d say yea. 


If you really only like one or two baileys after dinner let’s say, then it might be cheaper to just pay for those few drinks. 

And if you’re gonna sit on a beach a few times, or can excursions for much cheaper, maybe not

And your sis can get the unlimited Wi-Fi that she wants. 

It’s all really a money numbers game.  
But with sis not drinking I dont think you’re gonna come close to it making money sense. That extra  $300 vs just paying gratuities on the regular free at sea drink pkg makes a big diff I would think.
I think a trip to DMV would be the next step. Hopefully you can get a decent person there that can help you track down where your license physically is right now. 

Maybe they can cancel that license and reissue one to your new address? 

Try having your license showing the physical address but your paperwork having a mailing address. ( the P.O. Box) 

I know DMV  is the absolute last place you want to go, but I would think that’s the best way. 

As far as the paperwork, I’d use my married name, show the SS card and ins card. 
I’d make sure my insurance is in the married name, like your SS card 
What do ppl who don’t have DL’s do I wonder. 
If they need more show the SS,( married name)?old DL ( maiden), and marriage certificate ( connect the two) to prove you’re the same person.
Take a look at this page. 

Im looking into using this transport from Livorno. It’s €35 each,
But you have to get to Livorno town from the port. 

http://www.mediterranean-cruise-ports-easy.com/livorno-to-florence.html
What they mean is you have the original invoice which shows the lower amount that you paid and shows you owe a zero balance. 

That is your proof that you paid what was due. 

Your lower priced invoice should have a date on it and you can show that you paid the amount on the day you booked. 

I would call them. It doesn’t seem like they actually understood what you were asking them. 
They told you it was paid in full,  it didn’t mention anything about why the amounts changed. 
Make sure you explicitly say that you have an original invoice with a diff dollar amount. 

Im grasping at straws right now, but-

It looks like it’s the KSF discount. Is it possible the child discount is dependent on the age of the child and once you corrected your sons bday it put him into a diff age category so the discount is different? Idk, never heard it being done that way.
That’s what they just don’t get. 

They get elected and vote or support whatever their own personal opinion is on an issue. Or they just go along with the party line whether they agree with it or not, or whether we agree with it or not. 

How about they start listening to what their constituents want. We elected them to do what WE want, not whatever it is they want. 

These people are supposed to be OUR voice.
Since you have your original confirmation you can ask them to go over each charge one by one to find the difference. 

Just throwing this out- 
Did they maybe add on their cruise insurance?  (You dont have to get it, but I would strongly advise you have some kind of insurance.)

Or did they add in the daily service charge, which doesn’t have to be pre paid, but will be billed to your onboard acct each day you sail?
That is a cop out answer. I’m sure she loves her kitchen at home the best, but do you want your reception in her living room?  

Does he really want his mom cooking the day of his wedding?  All day?

Does she even realize that she’s going to miss her sons wedding by being in the kitchen? 
Is she gonna take the apron off for the mother/ son dance at least? 

Come on, I’m sure she’s a great cook, but she can leave the cooking to someone else and just enjoy the day.
You work and he’s a house boyfriend? 

But he’s your house boyfriend who doesn’t live with you. 

So basically you’re supporting some guy who you don’t know and somehow think this is an actual relationship? 

And you think it’s perfectly reasonable to buy him a car? And not just any car, a luxury car. 

And you think the biggest problem in this whole scenario is that his parents are going to think some other imaginary girl bought him the car he just magically shows up with one day?
ESH

He got mad that you weren’t looking at him while he was trying to show you something

But - he must not have been looking at you when he started this conversation about something you should look at - or else he would have known you were looking at something else. 

So he can’t complain you weren’t looking when neither was he. 

This is a stupid argument anyway.
My doc told me to just take vitamin D and calcium. 

I think we’re trying to see if it will stave of osteoporosis? 

My mom was on fosomax(?) for osteoporosis and didn’t have any side effects. This was a while ago tho, idk if there’s newer drugs.
A nice photo album of the two of you through the years. If you have any special thoughts on what was going on in the pictures you can write them in. 
Show him what all those years meant to you by having him in them. 

And of course the obligatory #1 dad shirt or coffee mug.

I had barely knew my future MIL when we got engaged. Of course we met, but we didn’t spend very much time together. 

My mother had one rule. 
She and only the the bride to be would be going dress shopping. She paid for out dress and it was a mother/daughter thing. 
No friends, no sisters ( I have 3), no anybody else. 
None of the MIL’s had a problem with this once it was explained. And my MIL only had boys, so she would never get that experience. 

Now, I also have 2 brothers and saw how mom was left out of any wedding planning. 
So I invited my MIL to the food tasting at the catering hall, just me and her, (H was working)and brought and showed her everything we were debating on. I wanted her to feel involved. It was her sons wedding also. 

Your SIL and MIL are out of order definitely. No argument there, but MIL may feel hurt and sil is fighting her battle, which she shouldn’t. 

So maybe just try to be a little more open with some of the other wedding planning. You don’t have to take her picks or advice, but at least make her feel like she is in the know, so to speak, and remember, it’s her sons wedding also. She just doesn’t want to show up and have no idea what it’s gonna be like.
NTA

I absolutely love your idea. 
It showed everyone what was involved and exactly why they couldn’t handle it. 

And bravo for handling the grandparents. Brilliant. 

I think your H should be the one telling the kids. He can explain why it wasn’t a good idea at this time mostly because he couldn’t keep up with the conditions. 

He might mention it wouldn’t be very fair to mom, who doesn’t want the dog, if she got stuck taking care of it as an added bonus.
I agree. 

Why William would ever want to even talk to H after such a betrayal is beyond me. Some things you just don’t come back from and what H has done is one of them. Can you even imagine the deep hurt W feels coming from his only sibling? 

I can see Charles wanting some sort of relationship, he is his son after all, but I would like to think even Charles realizes it needs to be a distant, check in, how you doing sort of relationship. Kind of like, you don’t wish any harm, but you don’t go out of your way to be close. 

Charles aside, Harry has to be seriously delusional if he thinks anyone in his family is going to want any kind of relationship with him. And the wife, not a snowbells chance in hell. 

They had to pick a lane and they picked celebrity over family- at the expense of family. 
Now they have neither. The quicker they realize that the better.
From one 30+ married to another, I’ve always said that’s the secret. 

Of course we love each other, but we actually like each other. That’s a big distinction isn’t it? One I’m not sure some people understand. 

Wishing your husband a speedy recovery and more happy years to the both of you.
Yeah sorry, none of that is even remotely ok. Especially that disrespectful bs with the picture. Can he not have an adult conversation? 

Is it a matter of him not having any money, but then he should have at least acknowledged the day. 
Does he not do anything for any special day at all? 

You need a serious come to Jesus talk with him. How exactly does he see you and this relationship? Is he in love with you, or did this pairing just move along until you had a child together and it evolved to where you are now? 

Sorry to be so blunt. 

Take a good hard look at your relationship, I’m gonna take a guess and say this pairing is much more beneficial for him than it is for you.
The best way to act in this situation? 

You reconcile this is your own head as you had a good time while it lasted, but it’s run it’s course. 

You’ve been long distance with periods of not seeing each other and now he’s moving even farther away. Do you really want to keep this up? A few days together every once in a while? 
How about finding a guy who lives near you that you can actually try to have a future with?
INFO please. 

Ok you had the conversation. But what did he say was the reason he did not do anything for v day? 

We need to know what his mindset is before we can actually give any advice.
 It wasn’t your moms fault. 

Your mom just brought up some uncomfortable things that you and your partner should have been discussing anyway. Since you didn’t, your partner had time to think thru the issues your mom brought up and came to a conclusion that it wouldn’t work. 

Was your gf supposed to go vegetarian and learn Hindi? Your mom points this out, but you don’t actually say if this is what you wanted also. 
Long distance is hard, your mom maybe didn’t want you two separated for that long. She likes your gf, didn’t want to see you break up? 
The dream may not have happened, but it made your gf really think if she could fit in with your culture. 

I don’t think your mom had any bad intentions. Your just sad and want to blame someone.

Did anyone really need a study to know this?
I love a good full salad. 

But I hate all the chopping that goes into it. So I make a huge salad that can last about 3 days, so as long as it’s readily available, I’ll eat it. 

Maybe try that. Make a basic salad that you can add diff things to it to at least make it slightly diff each time.
The problem I see with even trying to have a conversation about his weight is that, he knows he’s overweight and he’s probably embarrassed by it. 

So I wouldn’t harp on it too much, for fear of making him feel even worse about it. If he thinks you only care about how he looks instead of how he feels, that will add to his feeling bad about himself. ( not saying you do this, just that kids might twist it to that). 

Maybe just a gentle, “ hey kiddo, Covid lockdowns really did a number on all of us. I worked so much I didn’t really see what was going on with you, or your bro. I’m sorry. I’m not judging you at all but we both have to realize that your weight is unhealthy. If you want to or need help figuring out what we can do, I’m here. I’ll listen and we’ll figure it out together. And if there’s anything else you’re struggling with and need help, we’ll get some help. I just want you healthy and happy”. 

Then, leave him alone about it. Maybe just give him a few extra hugs. 
He knows what he has to do and he has a world of info with the Internet if he wants to do it himself.

Editing after seeing some of OP replies

Therapy would be great but only if he’s ok with it. Otherwise, he’ll just refuse to talk. He seems to have a lot going on- teens seem to be coming out of Covid with mental health issues, add to that his confusion of his sexuality, and it’s a lot for a teen to deal with. 

Have you taken him for a full physical? Covid weight gain is real, but that’s a lot of weight, maybe there’s a medical reason? I’d at least rule that out.
NTA
Let’s see if mom is willing to support her. 

I get the whole dont make her pay cause I’m the parent and all that. 
But that only works as long as you can afford it. 

What kind of child sees a parent struggle and still isnt willing to help? 

A selfish one. 

Your d needs to be on her own for a while. She’ll get a dose of real life.
I’m not judging at all. 

Just saying there’s a lot missing from the info they put out. 

I can see the 5 yo being with a parent getting gas, perfectly fine, so I wondered were they in the car caught in a crossfire, or were they being babysat by one of the other teens and brought to a party?, not good. 

How did it get that we have to actually teach our kids that we don’t try to KILL anyone we have a problem with? It’s a nuclear option to use. Sad really.
Right?

So there was an altercation at a party that spilled over to the gas station? 
Did someone bring the 5 yo to the party? 
Was the 5 yo there with a parent maybe and got caught in the crossfire?  But why would the child be out of the car? 

So many questions.
Time. Lots of time. 
You need to date someone until you know them, really know them. 

We rush into relationship ships because we want someone, anyone. We’re so afraid of falling behind,- our friends, our peers, that we take good enough instead of good. 

No guy is totally going to revolve his whole life around youc
Yea he’s being mean, and unhelpful to boot. 

He needs to get out of that habit before your child gets older. Little people need lots of help finding their stuff.
Ok.  NTA

whatever she did with it, she should have picked it up. I don’t care how busy she is, she’s been in that bathroom at least a couple of times over the 2 days. 

And then to yell at you and threaten no sex over it, that’s a massive over reaction. 

Time for a little chat about disrespect of your spouse.
Did she leave her bra in the shower or just in the bathroom?

How did it get soaking wet?
I heard it a couple days ago. It’s heartbreaking to think that no one did anything for the boy. 

But I also wondered why the coaches were not required to know cpr? 
Even if not, you TRY - you have 911 walk you thru it. Just something. 

I was a cub scout leader and volunteered as a coach for my kids grade school and it was required of every parent coach or for scouts, every leader. 

Thank goodness mine are grown or now I’d be staying thru every practice and game.
Im so confused. 
You dated Kate but never met her family for 4 years? How? You must have lived in the same neighborhood if you went to the same hs? 

Next, you break up with Kate during college and what? Change colleges to the one that’s a state over? Maybe, things happen. 

Then you meet Julia, who won’t let you meet her fam because she went nc, because they sent her away? Where? To take care of her sister, would this be Kate? 

You finally meet Julia’s fam, who turn out to be Kate’s fam, and what do you know? Julia also lives in your old neighborhood!  
And instead of acknowledging to the parents that you and Kate had dated for 4 yrs before you met Julia, you say nothing. You tell Julia and she’s just hunky dory about it. 
And Kate just happens to let this cat out of the bag- that she had been pregnant in college. Not exactly what his think would be dinner convo, but whatever. 

Then you yell at Kate because why? 

So I call bs on all of it.
So here’s my very rudimentary explanation. I don’t own a gun. 

The US is a relatively young country and when it was first discovered, there was nothing except for the Indian settlements, but there was vast wilderness. 

Guns have always had a place in our country because they were a means of survival. Had to hunt for food, protect land and animal stock, and yes, even protection from horse rustlers and robbers. 

So then we fight for our independence, from a country who had a national army. 
Way back we had no central army, ( we had 13 colonies, spread far apart and communication would take days, so even if we wanted a central army, it wasn’t feasible) so each state had its own militia, to be used in case of attack by a foreign army. 
That’s why it was written into the constitution as a right to bear arms. We were determined not to be ruled over again. 

As the country became more industrialized and modern? there were and still are very rural places where some people need to shoot prey animals. You have to realize just how big this country is. There are still vast swathes of undeveloped wilderness. 

There are also people who move from those very rural places to suburbia or cities who genuinely enjoy going to a range and practicing their skill. It was there way of life after all. Or they just enjoy hunting. 

So while mass shootings are mostly done by someone who it later turns out had bought a legal gun, you have to remember that the everyday random violence is mostly perpetrated by criminals who do not buy guns legally. And that gets us into a whole other conversation. 

So you can’t bar someone from legally buying a gun, in most cases, it is their right, but you also cannot stop them from using it to commit crimes. 
There’s lots of ideas going around, but outright banning gun sales is never going to happen.
While your stat is true, it needs to be put in perspective, 

as per this website:

https://www.jahonline.org/article/S1054-139X(21)00341-4/fulltext

We found that some 297,033 children were married in the U.S. between 2000 and 2018: 232,474 based on marriage-certificate data plus 64,559 based on estimates (Table 1). A few children were as young as 10 years when they married, but of those for whom age information was available, nearly all—96%—were aged 16 or 17 years. Of those for whom age, gender, and spousal information was available, 78% were girls (under 18 years of age) wed to adult men (aged 18 years or older). The national number of children wed decreased each year—from 76,396 in 2000 to 2,493 in 2018 (Table 2)—but is unlikely to get to zero without legislative intervention.

So 96% we’re 16 and 17, hardly what most people think of when they hear  “child” marriages. 
And the number for 2018 is 2,493 total, out of 350 million people. 


In comparison

One out of every five marriages in Iran is a child marriage
A total of 550,565 marriages were registered in March 2018 to March 2019. In 112,647 cases, the bride was ages 17 years or less. More than a fifth of marriages registered in Iran during that year were therefore child marriages by UNICEF's measure.Feb 9, 2020
https://iranwire.com › features
Twenty Percent of Marriages in Iran are Child Marriages
Iran has a population of about 85 million people. 

From the same article, 

Data from the National Organization for Civil Registration records that around 1,100 girls under the age of 12 were married in 2017-2018; more recently, the figure has been around 2,600 girls. This is in the range of two or three marriages per thousand registered throughout the year – which is a large and significant number considering the legal obligation to secure court approval. The law permits a judge to issue a marriage license in all such cases when it is “expedient” to do so.


Now, I condone any marriage to a child in any country in any circumstance. But two 16 or 17 yo’s who find themselves pregnant marrying each other is very diff  than a  12 and under literal child marrying a grown man.
How long were you dating before you moved in?
It hasn’t even been a year that you’ve been together, which means you haven’t even scratched the surface of really getting to know this person. 

It isn’t all about love. That’s part of the problem, you think that just because he loves you he’s going to think of your wants and needs all the time, he’ll be appreciative of any little thing you do, for him and the household.
You’re under the impression that the two of you are working toward something and that all he has to do is talk to you and all will be magically better. 

But the reality is, he’s a depressed guy who won’t do anything about it and just wants to get lost in his games so he doesn’t have to deal with real life. 

Next time he tells you to leave, do it. 
Save yourself and get out before you waste more time with someone who seemingly adds no value to your life.
Thank you!  Lots of good info. 
That sounds like my kind of cruise.
What you’re failing to realize is that the only reason you want him back in your life is that you are struggling with making connections with other people. 

That’s you being selfish. 

You didn’t like lily because she was in effect, taking kaleb away from you, you didn’t want to share him. 
Now, I’d say you probably didn’t intentionally kill her, because that’s just too out there. 

But, you also didn’t try to keep your dad and family from threatening to destroy kalebs life either did you? 
You can’t claim it was just your dad, you were an adult at the time. 

You didn’t give kaleb time to properly mourn his gf, someone who he cared for and probably felt extremely guilty that he was the one who brought her to the dinner that ultimately killed her. 

You wanted him to just forget about her and concentrate all his energy on you. And when he didn’t you and your dad tried to rush him along. And when that didn’t work and he lashed out you essentially had him run out of town. 

Stop looking for him. If he wanted anything to do with you, I’m sure he knows exactly where to find you.
I am extra careful around mirrors, and will not walk under a ladder. 

I always say, you never know, so I’ll follow the superstition just in case. 

Now I have to stop putting my pocketbook on the floor. Never heard that one.
Have you been on any other lines and can you compare them? 
I’m not too worried about the food, I’m not a foodie so unless something is clearly inedible, I’m fine. 

What was the sea day activities like, and the night shows and casino? 

Oh and I also liked pic 4.  
Are you a photographer because I’d never even think to take that shot, yet it’s pretty great.
I think the earlier suggestion of seeing if any of the other people in these photos want them. 

Really, nobody in the fam is going to want to look at them from a viewpoint of “ that’s where aunt and uncle went and what did on their vacay”. But the friends they went with might want to relive those memories. 

Of course keep any that have no nudity in them, landscapes, signs, etc so that you’d have a timeline of their travels, if anyone would really want to know. 

Just a thought.
I don’t want to come off as mean, 

But, were you really tricked?
you really thought a 52 yo ( when he started dating you at 28) father of 3 adult children would have wanted to start all over again with a baby? 

Some might, but the majority won’t. 
He wanted to date a much younger woman to stroke his ego. 

If you want a child, do yourself a huge favor and find a man closer to your age who actually wants to have, and be involved in raising his child.
Oh great!  Now we’ll have to hear all about what they got wrong. 

Do these two really not have any sense of humor?  Laugh it off once in a while.
they must be fun at parties.
You have a lot going on, so I don’t know if this will be helpful or not,-

but I can say that my hot flashes have on occasion come on fast and I did have the dizziness and nausea. 

So that symptom may well be connected to menopause. 

Sorry but I can’t help with anything else.
We’ve all seen on reditt that some parents have an obvious favorite child. Those examples are I think more the exception than the rule. 

Most parents don’t have a favorite, but we recognize that each child has something special or different that their sibs don’t have. One can talk to anyone, anywhere and one takes a while to open up to new people, one is an athlete and one is artistic, one’s a spender, one’s a saver, those things. 

And when we recognize these differences we try to cultivate and encourage that “thing” so the child can make the most of it for themselves. 

So every child is the favorite, if you want to call it that, in a diff category. 

At least that’s how I saw and did it.
NTA

I think it’s perfectly fine for parents to go away without their kids. 
But you are too young to be left alone for a week, and it’s your parents responsibility to make arrangements for someone to take care of you for the week. That’s what makes your parents ta. 

Do you have a best friend that you can stay with? 

You need to make your parents understand it’s the leaving you home alone that is not right.
I say go for it. 

You really have no idea what your personal menopause is going to be like. 

Some woman go through it with minimal effect on their life. 
Others are hit hard and have a difficult time just getting thru the day. 

You dont know where you’re going to fall in the range and you’ll regret not taking this opportunity if you have an easy or even a temporary, short lived hard time. 

Surround yourself with one or two very key employees that you can absolutely trust to have your back just in case.
I’d give a student teacher a bit more leeway. Just because they are figuring out the best approach to a lesson. 
But I agree, the mentor teacher should have had a chat about the approach. 

Also, keep in mind, just in general, teachers try to explain things in multiple ways to cover all the diff ways kids learn. That’s not a bad idea. 
It’s repetitive for the ones that got it on the first explanation, but invaluable for the ones that got it on the last explanation.
I’m still not understanding. 
You park your car on the street. This is not a private parking lot or something is it? 

Is it correct to say that your car is NOT blocking their driveway, but is parked between two driveways on the street, so in front of a home? 
Are you parking in front of your neighbors house and that’s why they are mad? They do not own the street parking in front of their home. Can you not park in front of your own home? 

I cannot imagine that a traffic officer would give you a ticket, even if they have been called by the neighbor, if you are not parked illegally. How do you even call a traffic officer? 

I’m not really sure what to tell you, maybe take a picture of your car every time you park and then if you get a ticket take another pic with the ticket still on your car to prove the car was parked legally? 

Or see if you have a case for harassment on the neighbor if they keep calling the traffic police on you? 

Or call the traffic police yourself and ask them why they keep coming when they know you are parking legally.
If you don’t mind, Can you expand on the increase risk of cardio vascular disease please? 
Im trying to keep up but honestly it’s too much info that’s constantly being contradicted day to day and not making a lot of sense. 

I thought the heart issues came about from the vaccine, and mostly in youngish people?
Your gf is insane. None of this is normal. 

She knows her big v day gift is a play, she got a smaller gift on v day to mark that day, you asked what she wanted to do on that day and did it with her—

None of that was enough—

she still wanted you to acknowledge and recognize your past “failure” on gift giving occasions? 

Hell no. Your gf has a way over inflated opinion of her worth. 

How long or how many times are you going to have to atone for past grievances? 

This is your first relationship so I’m gonna give you the benefit of the doubt since you have nothing to compare this one to, but I’ll tell you this- this is absolutely not how a mutual respectful and healthy relationship should play out. 
You should not be tiptoeing around her trying not to upset her. 

Take a long hard look at what she adds to your life. I’ll bet not much. 

Do you frequently feel as tho you aren’t doing enough? Do her wants and needs count for more than your own? Have you ever really wanted to do something or go somewhere that she didn’t and you gave in? 

Simply put, she’s treating you like shit and you’re taking it and asking for more please. Time to send her packing.
It could be as simple as keeping “the good stuff”, he really had no reason to keep your clothes or nick nacks. 

Or he just couldn’t be bothered to pack it up and ship it. 

Even if you pay for him to ship it, he may just keep the money and not ship it anyway. 

Don’t read too much into it. 

Just write him and the keyboard off. Get yourself a new keyboard.
You’re 2 months in, it is totally unrealistic for her to be able to say whether she sees a future with you. 

So early on is the honeymoon phase, you and her need time in order to tell if this is a long term thing or not. You have to really know the other person, warts and all, as the saying goes. 

Work on your anger issues and see how it goes. 

Don’t pressure her to commit long term this early, it comes off as insecure, needy and obsessive.
She should have some idea that an engagement is in her future, so it’s not out of the ordinary to scroll some websites together and see what she likes and doesn’t like. 

You can then ask if she wants to pick out the exact one or if she trusts you enough to pick one on your own. 

We never even discussed rings at all, and I love mine. I looked at it like,  he got what he wanted me to have. She may want you to do that also. 
Just ask her.
 I have to say, that in this instance, I can’t imagine you would even want to see your father for a while, due to your own anger at after the way he treated your mom. 

And it’s not a taking sides thing, it’s more the way he went about leaving her. It was unnecessarily cruel of him. 

So you’re NTA for limiting contact, at least for a while, until you get your own anger and disappointment under control. 

After things settle down a bit, you can reach out under your terms to either see him with the kids or maybe just even have your H at your home while he visits. 

Hugs to your mom.
Are you that busy that you can’t look online and save some styles you like or just take a trip to a mall and look thru all the jewelry stores there to see what they have? 
Decide on a few styles you like, go back to the jeweler and pick one. 

There’s no need for a middleman.
Try to figure out why you are eating. 

Are you bored? Your life seems pretty active at school and when you’re home you’re probably bored. You need to schedule more activity during the day. 

Or you can drink a glass of water every time you reach for food. You might just be thirsty, and if not it will at least fill you enough that you won’t feel the need to eat right at that time. 

Also, remember you aren’t burning as many calories at home that you do at school. It may be that you’re not even eating so many calories, you’re just not offsetting them with exercise.
But he expects you to have 2-3 hours to clean after looking after the house and kids all day and going to school? 

Im not even sure what level of clean he’s looking for?  I get making sure the guest bathroom is clean for company, but you could dust on monday and by Tuesday night it’s back, not as much, but it’s there. The kids toys shouldn’t be scattered around the house, but that’s a 5 min task. 

Ask him what exactly he thinks will take hours.
Very very slight YTA just for phrasing. 

Instead of saying “normal moms…”

You should have said something more along the lines of “ you knew we were going clubbing, why didn’t you have your H watch the baby for a few hours”. (I’m assuming these were plans made in advance.)

Did she ever give a reason why her H couldn’t watch the baby? 

Im thinking this has less to do with whether she was invited or not, and more to do with her mindset- she feels she’s not back to her pre baby weight and has nothing to wear, she’s has a mindset that moms don’t do clubbing, and she’s tired so the last thing she wants to do is something active, she just hasn’t figured out a balance between being a mom and being her own person. Sometimes new moms get stuck in baby mode. 

She’s going to lose all her friends if she expects 7 other women are going to be happy with a social life that fully revolves around baby friendly activities.
So get more video proof. I’d put cameras in every direction. Ones that can pick up sound, so you have everything recorded. 

You put up with it for a few years, you can hang on another 6 months. 

It’s not you, but escalating isn’t the way to go about it. And you know the second you retaliate, the cops will be showing up at your door. You don’t need that in your life.
Think of it this way, is it fair to the girl you’re dating now to not be able to give her your all in this relationship? 

No, it’s not. 

You need to tell her what’s going on. 
She deserves to be with someone who wants to be with her completely. 
It’s a new thing so she likely isn’t too invested yet. 

And you need to take some time to get over your old relationship without dating.
Im not in this fight, but I found this, just because I was curious. 

https://www.iwf.org/2021/04/08/united-airlines-promises-to-train-pilots-based-on-their-sex-and-skin-color/

It’s from 2021 so I have no idea if it is/ was ever implemented. 
(Also, it’s from a woman’s forum so I was surprised by their stance)
I think they’re asking what have you been given that isn’t  sex, because in a committed relationship, sex will be happening. 

It’s just worded oddly. 

It can’t be off the table and also given. 

Stay home, make a nice dinner, both agree to dress up for dinner, (something your so really likes that you wouldn’t normally be comfortable going out in, him too tho- something you like to see him not that’s not  the usual) open a bottle of wine and spend the night connecting as a couple.
Ah, see, I learned something new. 
Thanks for the diff between the two.
Ah, learned something new today. 
Thanks for the distinction.
Excellent point. This is a key distinction. 

I perceive antisocial with being more aggressive? maybe,  at or when meeting new people. 

But someone who is or shy or introverted is just more uncomfortable amongst new people, but willing to go out of their comfort zone to make new connections. 

Big diff in advice to be given.
They won’t let you bring them on when you board. 
And they will take them from you when you reboard and store them from you until the end of the cruise if you buy them in port. 

So basically, no. 

But, I heard if you’re cruising Europe you can bring alcohol on when boarding and also from ports that they will let you keep - but you should confirm that.
Get a library card and use their app to borrow ebooks for your kindle. 
This way, you’re not paying for books you might not like. 

How about reading the book of a movie you enjoyed?  
There’s usually a lot more nuance in the book that you can’t get from the movie. And you already know you like the story. 
That might make you more willing to set aside time to read.
No it’s fine, but do you understand the point I was trying to explain?

Trying to explain why trans ppl get more hate than just LGBQ people?
What you’re missing is the baker wouldn’t make a cake for the lesbian couple because he was religious and said it goes against his religious and moral convictions. 

Idk anything about the gender one tho, but I’m guessing probably the same reason. But that’s a guess.
It’s not a matter of not “agreeing”with LGBTQ,  at this point we all should know that there are people who have diff sexualities. 

But trans ppl aren’t as simple as a diff sexuality, they are in a whole other place having more to do with gender than sexuality. So I think that confuses people who don’t understand how that can be so. Its as if they don’t understand it, it can’t be true, in a sense. 

Adding to that is young and really young kids claiming to be trans and all the medical treatments they are being given at such young ages, doesn’t sit well with a lot of people. There’s a feeling that it’s too much, too soon. 
Is it right or wrong? I have no idea. 

Then add in all the controversy of what bathroom to use, sports competition, moral issues like the baker, and other businesses situation and it just becomes an us vs them fight.  And this is what we’re seeing now.
I liked it.  I’m not a huge fan, I knew some of the songs. 

I thought it was simple, but at least, for the most part, it focused on her just doing what she was hired to do- sing her songs. 

I liked the floating platforms and the dancers around are were really good. 

But I also don’t like when there’s so much else going on that the main act kind of gets lost in the shuffle. When there’s too much going on all at once, sometimes the camera is one place and other things are going on in other places. That way you don’t really see the whole production.
The problem I see is that you’ve only been with your bf a few months. 
You admit yourself that you do not know him well enough, or know enough about him that you need to know. 
And this is why you never should have met his kids. If you start to know the things you need to and do not like what you learn and leave, those kids will be sad and confused. 

But I’m also confused about something. Is he a single dad because he seems to have his kids every day, with an hour to spare to see you. 
Where is the kids mom? 
Was this how it was when you first met?
Why can’t you spend the evenings at his house and spend time with him after his kids go to sleep?
Why would you even ever entertain the thought of sleeping with someone else’s boyfriend? 

This is just plain wrong- you are old enough to know that this is the cardinal rule. Nobody should have to tell you this. 

Stop hanging out with him alone and getting drunk. No good will ever come from this. 
He may sleep with you, but he’s going back to his gf.
Thats a bit harder to “fix” because it’s an issue, for you, but to him it’s not really an issue. 

Can you maybe schedule a few days a week? I know it sounds so stupid to have to schedule your sex life, but at least both of you are on the same page. And sometimes it works just by the anticipation. 
Also keep in mind, would you rather have sex for the sake of having it, or would you rather have really good sex?
Sometimes quality over quantity 

Also maybe don’t put too much pressure on him. Start with 2 times a week and work up to 3? Or however many works. 

But you should start to figure out if you can be in this relationship more long term. You’ve already spent 7 years and it’s not easy to leave when there’s so much good. But you don’t want it to get to a point where your resentment takes over either.
If it’s a matter of frequency then he doesn’t see it as a problem because he thinks his sex drive is perfectly ok - and it is. 

It’s just that yours and his do not match. 

If it’s more a matter of what you’re doing together, you need to ask why he isn’t willing to experiment. Some people just don’t like some sex acts and really shouldn’t be made to do them if it isn’t their thing.
You matched with her first, but your bro was texting with her before you started dating? 

How did that even happen? 
You both must have been at the very least texting or talking with her at the same time. And how did you find out bro was talking to her? 

Look, if you don’t see moving forward with her, just let her go.  Why drag it out any longer.
So does your ex usually pick your son up at 9pm so he can sleep at dads?  

Everything about this is just - off 

You pay your ex child support but you have him all day? 

Do yourself a favor and split custody with the ex 50/50, no one pays child support and then you’ll have time for your bf.
So don’t give her access to all the money. 

Sit her down and show her your finances. 

Take the 4800 for the month, minus all your household bills. By now you have an idea what the variable ones avg out to ( food, etc) 

Take the net $ that’s left and left, decide how much goes into emergency fund, long term savings and depending on what’s left, decide on a weekly amount she can use for herself. 

Open separate accounts for the emergency/ savings and one for her money. 

Leaving is impulsive. She doesn’t work and you have two small kids. Your finances are not going to be better supporting a separate household for yourself and paying alimony? ( maybe) And child support. 

You say all hell breaks loose when you discuss money, just tell her she can bitch and moan all she wants, it’s still not going to change the fact that she is being irresponsible.
Where was your mom for those 2 hours?
You should not have to sleep in the spare room unless you want to, or your gf is so sickly contagious that it’s dangerous for you to be in your shared bed. 

How long could it possibly take you to hang one load of laundry, and in that time your gf went upstairs, got ready for bed, and also fell asleep. 

Oh and conveniently, sometimes puts her glasses on your side of the bed, so it’s a guess each night. 

Either she was not sleeping yet and purposely set you up to have a fight, or she was sleeping and got unreasonably mad when you came to bed and woke her. 

She really couldn’t just wait for you to come up and you go to bed together? 
That’s pretty selfish in this instance considering she knew you were coming up pretty much right after her.
The thing you need to remember is this: 

When we start to date, we have no idea what were doing. We’re all fumbling around trying to figure out this whole bf/gf thing. So we date and we break up- a lot. Mostly with no rhyme or reason. 

Who knows what your bf is thinking. But dating you just isn’t working for him anymore. Doesn’t mean you did anything wrong. 

Stop being sad, look at this as a learning lesson. 
The lesson is- enjoy it while it lasts, take a day or two to mourn it, and move on. ( but that doesn’t mean on to yet another boy, just for the sake of having a boy) 

This too shall pass.
Most people realize that the 2 party system the US has is not working. I think mainly because there’s an us vs them mentality. Most elected officials don’t think for themselves and just go along with party lines. 
That’s not to say they don’t personally agree with some issues, but it is unrealistic to think one person agrees with every single platform either party has. 
And third party candidates have mostly been one off random candidates from one state here and there. That’s why the third party is looked at as a water vote. 

That out of the way, how does this sound-
 A third party, but with candidates in every state where an election is being held. With a pretty centrist platform. Take the most popular stances of each issue and endorse that, or whatever it is. 

National Elections take place every even-numbered year. Every four years the president, vice president, one-third of the Senate, and the entire House are up for election (on-year elections). On even-numbered years when there isn't a presidential election, one-third of the Senate and the whole House are included in the election (off-year elections).

(https://www.senate.gov/reference/Index/Elections.htm)

So next year this third party could  have people running who could theoretically change  the whole look of all branches of govt. 

I’m not gonna explain this correctly, so bear with me. 

How do we do this? We let people in every state know that we have ppl running in all the diff states. So me in state A, can say I want to vote for party 3 and I’d like their agenda to be implemented. I know one person from my state can’t do anything alone, but if a countrywide campaign can be implemented with a message of this party can get a majority of representatives  we can implement our platform. 
It might make people rethink the wasted vote of a third party.
Could be that you just don’t have an actual sexual attraction to that person. Her being good looking isn’t really the only criteria. 
Maybe you need to have an emotional
attraction to a partner as well. Sex is sometimes as much emotional as physical. 

And just wash your hands and clean under your fingernails.
For me, it’s not about trying to hold the family together. 

It’s more, the nephew is too angry for an 11 year old and I recognize that all is not well somewhere in his life. It could be his mom has poisoned him against his dad and his fam, it could be there’s more to the story between his mom and dad that even the OP doesn’t know, it could simply be that nephew is a troubled child   

But whatever the reason, if he grows and gets to a place where he wants to make amends with his dads family, he will have the knowledge that they always wanted him around and never actively excluded him. 

That’s just my take.
If nephew wouldn’t show up anyway, you might as well extend the invite. 

It keeps the peace with your brother, and if nephew ever realizes that this side of the fam is decent, you can always say that he was included and he never took you up on it. 

But if you can schedule on moms weekend, you’d be better off. 

As an aside-
I’m still confused how his mom wanted nothing to do with the father of her child’s family. What did she want to happen? She’d raise the child alone and dad would just be ok with that?  Dad needs to get some some help so the boy can stop being so angry.
NTA

it’s your money that you earned. 

It’s not as if you spend some of it, you’re putting an undue burden on your parents. 

The fact is- even with a full scholarship, there are day to day expenses that you need money for. 
Coffee with friends, a movie, gas,etc. 

Why don’t you explain this to your mom and ask for a monthly amount. Don’t divide all the money you have so it’s gone by the last month of school, Just try to figure out a nominal amount that you can get by with. 

You’ll have some spending money and you’ll also still have some savings when you graduate. (Unless something big comes up in the next few years)
I found it odd too. 

The woman tho, I heard they have more info but not releasing it just yet. Something about who the man is that was seen running away? 

The other guy it seems is a workplace issue. The guy who killed him was an ex employee? He was a gas? or electric co.? employee, so I’m not sure him being an elected official has anything to do with it. 

Now if the same guy killed both then we have a story.
Honestly, he sounds a bit too controlling for my tastes, but

We really don’t know you nor what your individual needs are. 

So if you say, his, what we see as controlling, but you see as taking anxiety inducing decisions off of you, then maybe it’s not as we see it. 

Have you tried to explain to your parents exactly how him making these decisions are actually helpful to you rather than harmful?  I’m getting the impression they aren’t seeing what value they add to your well being. 

This is also your first relationship, so you don’t really know how it should work do you? You have nothing to compare him against. The good and the bad. 

As far as staying home after you marry, it sounds lovely doesn’t it? Until he starts complaining that you’re hobbies are taking up too much of your free time and you’re not dedicating enough time on his needs. 
And framing it as you just aren’t using your time efficiently. 
Be on the look out for that please. That’s when you should reassess the whole him making decision ideas. 


Maybe you should work part time. A few hours a few days a week, just to retain some semblance of independence.
Maybe start with asking her to study, or out for coffee. 

You and she both should spend time together to see if you actually do like each other before you commit to something like the prom. ( idk any proms that are soon, so I’m basing this off the US version of a prom)
Don’t fall back into the it’s ok most days tho. 
Work it out now for everyone’s happiness, yours, theirs and your child. 

You may open a Pandora’s box, but wouldn’t you rather know that now than years from now?  Yes, you would.
Hey I’m on your side. 

I just meant not to bring up the money part of it in a “I paid for it” way. 
Def ok to say “why are you not done yet, it’s been 7 yrs” 

I would never hire someone to clean. That’s just a waste of money when someone is home all day with seemingly nothing else to do. 

And absolutely do not being up being able to find another partner. As tempting as that may be. 
But I would say, “I didn’t sign up to be and do everything in this relationship. I need an equal partner. And I have to know if you’re willing to step up and be a partner or this isn’t going to work for me”.

You’ve gotten some great ideas how to approach the things that need to be brought up. 
Please organize and use them. And let us know how it goes.
Yeah, no. 

No way my partner would be waking up mid day. That’s just disrespectful on a whole other level. I’d start waking them up when the rest of the household gets up in the morning. 

Your poor kid even recognizes that one parent is basically useless. 
Thats another point you can point out to your partner. ( “I need to sleep to get up for work and kid has in the past refused to even ask you to do a late pickup, knowing you will refuse. It’s affecting them and we cannot have that going forward, it’s not fair to our child”) 

I wouldn’t harp too much on the accounting course, but it needs to be mentioned. That may come off as a money thing, even if it’s not, instead of a “ it shouldn’t take 7 years to finish a 2 yr program thing”. 

Whoever cooks should be cleaning since they make the mess. Normally it’s the opposite, but your partner seems unusually messy during cooking. 

Have that chat. Give yourself some time to organize what you want to say and how you want to say it. 
You might as well just come out and ask, if they don’t want to be here anymore, since this is the impression 
they are clearly giving. 

Send child out to a friends house, I have a feeling this might not go so well.
That article was condemned by pretty much everyone that read it. 

Since I don’t know, what can they do to Clarkson? Can they make it so he can never write for a paper again,
fine him, charge him with a crime? 

Or will they just condemn it like everyone else.
OMG yes. 
Especially when it’s only a few months in. 

If you’re having this many, or this big of a problem after a few months, just get out! 

Why try to save a bad relationship?
Laid out like this, obviously the division of labor is wildly unfair. 

I’m curious tho, how did it get like this? 
You didn’t just move in and you were doing the lions share. Was it a gradual tapering off of them doing less and less? Did partner start out as a SAHP, which if chores went undone it wasn’t a big deal cause child care and rearing take a lot of time? But then did they just get used to not doing much? 
( this was me, but any mention by my partner that things weren’t getting done caused some small level of guilt, like I wasn’t holding up my end of the bargain, I wasn’t being a good partner, but that’s just me)

You need a serious sit down with your partner. 
Does partner have any health issues that may be contributing in any way? 
Do they have a hobby that they’re dedicating all their time to? 

And in a very non accusatory  way, you need to ask what the hell they do all day while you are at work. 
Kid is in school for most of the day. I can see having to drop off and pick up, but partner seems to basically do nothing. 

Make a list, divide the work, and specify specific days of the week things need to get done. 
There’s no reason laundry can’t be done every other day for instance.
It’s a nice thought but it really would not stop Brandon from drinking. 

The bigger problem is that Brandon does not recognize that he is an alcoholic, despite going thru rehab. 

It’s normal to relapse, but he seemingly has no plans to try to get back to sober. 

And it’s not that you don’t like the real him, you actually do like real Brandon, it’s drunk Brandon you don’t like. 

Maybe your fiancé should be having a come to Jesus talk with Brandon. 

It’s fine if he decides that wants to be a jobless drunk, but Brandon’s friends should  be able to decide if they want to be friends with a jobless drunk, regardless of how long the friendship has been.
YTA

im really curious why you adopted this child to begin with. 

You already had one son when you adopted and went on to have another, so it’s not a case of thinking you couldn’t get pregnant and then miraculously did and she was no longer your only hope for a family ( as some may think) 

It’s pretty obvious she isn’t treated as a D, but as an adopted D. 
She is your oldest child, why didn’t she get a car and pay for her school. Even if she got some scholarship, you think she had to take loans so why didn’t you just pick up the difference? 

Do you really think she does not know that she’s the not wanted child? She’s a part of this family in name only. 
I wonder if you did her any favors by adopting her. She would have been better off with a family that wanted to give her an actual living family and parents.
What’s the rush?  With this guy or any other?

You’re  in your early 20’s with already one marriage that didn’t make it ( totally understandable) and you’re still not untangled financially from the first guy. 

If you were with the first guy for 3 years and dating this guy for 1 year you’re only 23, you got married at what? 18 or 19?
This guy might be the best guy ever, but maybe you should just keep your separate space for a long while longer. Date him while being on your own for a while.

So that’s what you tell him - I’m not untangled yet and I’m not doing anything until that gets settled. And I’m not jumping into living with anyone  until I know them inside and out and  been thru good and bad and very bad.
But why, if you were happy with her and wanted to make a life with her, are you so compelled to talk to women online. 

You must realize that makes you pretty sleazy. 

That’s why she’s leaving you, not because of some grand scam she was trying to pull. 

She might have been happy to leave everyone and everything she has back home for a better life with you-
But you didn’t exactly treat her with enough respect to lay off the other women. 
I don’t really care that you never physically cheated, just the fact that it’s been going on for the whole duration of your marriage is a testament to what kind of man you really are. 
It just took her too long to find out. 

This is all on you.
I hate saying it, but you’re right.

She should have never been alone. 
The H knew she was having problems, I’m sure his and her family knew. Even if they never dreamed in a million years she would do something like this, ( because who would even think it) at least have someone with her just to take some of the stress of everyday life with 2 kids and a newborn. 

It’s just so tragically sad.
Is it possible that he’s starting to think that he’s leaving his 70 yo mom alone and that’s why he’s pushing for her to go? 
Idk if he has siblings left behind that can look after mom if she needs it. 

Has he explained why he doesn’t think your mom and sister can’t be trusted to come with you? 
That’s an odd thing to say. 

Is he afraid your mom and sis won’t contribute financially to the renting of the property? (Because apparently his mom won’t be, and he’s worried it will all fall to you guys) 
So maybe instead of renting both homes as a unit, you can each get separate rental agreements on your and their home, so you and H won’t be on the hook if they decide not to hold up their end?  

Idk, just throwing out ideas.
It’s not what they do or say, it’s what they do or say -in that moment-.

If they shut down someone being rude, snarky, or harassing the first time it happens, that goes a long way to show people that you have confidence in yourself and aren’t going to take any crap from anyone.
You know he’s kind of down in the dumps lately, I think it would be a really loving gesture for you to do something nice for him without expecting anything in return. 

You can agree to watching a movie together, but maybe you can make a surprise nice dinner for you two. Maybe his favorite just to cheer him up, or a dish you make really really well. Pick up a candy heart and share it as you watch the movie, buy a bag of those hearts with words on them and trade them back and forth. 
Basically make a cute, romantic night in. 

Express to him how much you value him for him, not for what he does for you. 

His situation won’t always be this way, so support him as you would want him to support you if the roles were reversed.
 NTA
And congratulations . You should be so proud!  🎉

have you explained to your parents about the HS grad party and the sweet 16? 

And why can’t they just let you have this ONE thing that you are paying for on your own. 

I would text all three of them and point these things out. 
You’re not asking for anything from any of them, you just want to be celebrated once in your life for your accomplishments. 

How they respond to the facts laid out in black and white should tell you all you need to know if they should be invited or not.
Well done India!
Let’s look at the two people in this scenario in a 2 yr relationship that is not 100% solid. 

You readily admit to mental health issues and what you are doing to help yourself get to a better place. Good for you in recognizing this should be your number 1 priority. 

She, on the other hand, also has some mental health issues and is doing nothing to try to get to a better place. 

Now, these MH issues have in some small way caused her to forget to take her pill, thus contributing - not solely- to the pregnancy. It is totally possible that she could have taken the pill perfectly and still have a pregnancy, but the chances are higher by her skipping pills. 

Do you really think that two 19 yo’s with mental health issues, who cannot afford to support themselves are ready and able to care for and raise a baby?  

That is the reasoning you needs to speak with his gf about. The actual practicalities of raising this child. Not your immediate feelings, not her immediate feelings, the actual nitty, gritty. 

Who is gonna work to support this little family? You, her, both of you? Then who is gonna watch the baby if you two both work? How are you going to afford daycare? 
You both work now and still can’t afford to move out of your parents house. 

Can either of you earn enough to support all 3 of you, rent, food, utilities, car payments, doctors, formula, clothes, etc. 

It sounds so exciting to have a baby, but the truth is, its the hardest job in the world to raise a healthy happy we’ll adjusted person. Because that’s what you will be doing for the next 18+ years. 

And if you decide to have this baby, please heed this-  my very unscientific conclusion from fam and friends is that women are more fertile after having the first baby- so lay off her!  (Keep that in the back of your mind). 

I have no opinion on what you and her should do, I just think you both need a serious sit down to discuss the actual realities of having or not having this child.
Have you explained to him that long explanations get lost on you? That you physically cannot keep your attention on a long monologue? 
I’m not so sure that eye contact is needed. Sometimes I have to “picture” what the other person is saying in order to get it. 

Ask him to break it up, and check that you’re following him. 

For ex: first i unscrew this, got it? Then I take this part off making sure I dont scratch it, got it?  And on and on. 

You’ll have to be honest tho when you don’t get it. And he may have to repeat himself, but he’ll have to be understanding about that.
Ah. Ok. That clears up a lot. 

I thought you lived with your bf family full time. And that you haven’t been in touch with your dad for a while. 

I am changing my judgement to YTA just for asking bf to skip the wedding. 

You’re NTA  for being upset that your bf didn’t get a plus one. I’d be upset at that for the fact that you’re together a long time and additionally, your bf is an adult and a plus one is usually how invites go for adults. Unless no other cousins were also  no plus ones. 

I’m sorry if I came off as harsh. Wasn’t my intention at all. 

Do you have any friends that you can spend that weekend with in your hometown that you can stay with? 
You can avoid your dad and go visit your mom.
YTA - maybe. 

I’m confused as to why it takes you days to deal with your moms anniversary day. 
I say this in a not mean way, but in a, you need to get a handle on it for your own mentally stable peace of mind. 

Please don’t come at me- Yes, I know everyone is different, and people grieve in their own way. 
I understand losing your mom was awful, being young, but you are an adult now and you need to find a way to deal with your feelings around this day without it seemingly being a multi day grief session. That is not healthy in any way. 
I lost my father as a grade schooler and my mom 10 years back so I am familiar with your feelings. 

His fam saying you can just stay in the hotel is leading me to think they’ve been around for this date prior and my thought that this is indeed a multi day thing is correct. They may have been thinking you being alone isn’t the best thing for you. 

your bf will be home on the day of moms passing, so that’s not an issue. 
He can support you however you need. 
Travel day is probably the next day on Friday, so you won’t be in a happy jolly mood, but you should be able to handle traveling. 

The wedding is on sat. Emotionally, you should be able to go to the wedding. Even if you’re not the most excited there. It’s a happy occasion, so celebrate along. 

Your dads bday is Tuesday and you will be home by then. But you don’t even talk to him so I don’t know why this day would even be on your radar. 

As far as the plus one-
That is a standard way of invited when being invited. I don’t know where you got the idea that you weren’t invited? Your bf is in the fam, he gets a plus one, he’s bringing his gf. 

There is a lot of emotional stuff surrounding these dates, you need to talk to someone who can help you move past your grief and anger in regards to your family.
Chocolate. 
That weird chocolate truffle thing.
And when the father treats the white grand baby better than the step grand baby  his wife will be all, “ well it’s his blood grand baby”. 

This will not end well at all. 

Idk if her dad can change his views and mind, but if he’s not all in, he’s out.
ESH

I think Amy is trying to stick it to her mom for making her wear dresses as a kid. 

Anyway, obviously the dress code is different, but it’s Amy’s wedding. 

But you’re not going to change Amy’s mind so do yourself a favor and just go with it. It’s one day, and unless you want to lose your D and her wife, you are going to have to bite the bullet here. 

Your wife can wear a pantsuit that has very wide, flowy pant legs that basically look like you’re wearing a dress. 
Something like this

https://www.nordstrom.com/s/alex-evenings-crop-wide-leg-pants/5736294?origin=category-personalizedsort&breadcrumb=Home%2FWomen%2FClothing%2FPants%20%26%20Leggings%2FWide-Leg&color=001

These would look lovely with a dressy blouse.
YTA

Your having a baby this April, and getting married next year. 

Really, by next year you will be perfectly ok with not taking a 1 yo on your honeymoon. 

Now to his child. How long have you been together that you haven’t bonded with this child. I’m not saying you have to fall head over heels for her instantly, but by the time you marry this guy you should have stronger feeling then she’s a nice little girl!  

Marrying a guy with kids means you will be another parental figure in her life. If you aren’t willing to do that then you are doing all of you a huge disservice. He will, or at least should, put his D first and that means if you don’t get on board you’ll be the one sending your child for fortnight visits. 

I hate the thought that his first D will always be less to you. 
Don’t be that stepmom, be better, do better. 

Neither of these children should be going on the vacation that you’re calling a honeymoon.
You realize “waiting” until you each get your fill of sex with other people over a few years is never going to happen. 
I think you both have this romanticized idea in your heads that this is your person, when clearly it is not. 

You didn’t like the sex with him, but then had sex with 7 other guys, ( but only hooked up with 2? How does that work) and hated all those experiences too. Now suddenly the sex with him is good. Could it be that you realize sex for the sake of having sex is not your thing and you actually need an emotional connection to a person, not just an act. 
Whatever is going on with you two is not sex related. 

So while you both will be out there meeting others, one- or most likely- both of you will find someone else you will want to be with long term. 

You’ll both mature, change and find that the young love you have now is not the love that will sustain you for a lifetime. 

If it’s just a matter of being with other people, then pick a number that you think will satisfy this crazy idea and get it done now. 

Of course that has its own problems with jealousy, what you did, what he did, and with who. It will just cause more issues between you two and you’ll end up breaking up anyway. 

Just admit this relationship has run it’s course and move on. 

If by chance you both happen to meet up in the future and it works out, then great. But this isn’t something that you can or should plan your life around.
I love those shows!  I look at the ingredients and think - no way they’ll be able to incorporate, like, candy corn- and somehow they do. 

Maybe her partner should spend his time watching and getting some ideas.
 NTA

If he’s such a great chef, he can make great meals with whatever you buy. 

Like those cooking shows where they have to make something from random foods in a basket. 

When he gets a job and contributes to the household he can buy and cook whatever he wants. 

I don’t understand why he cannot grasp this.
You’re talking about a celebrity who she is in all likelihood never ever ever going to meet. It’s like being jealous of a ghost. 

And there is nothing wrong with finding strangers attractive.

Look, there was a time where I only had eyes for my partner, would actively look around and try to find someone who caught my eye ( not
to cheat, just to see if there was one)
And I couldn’t find one. 

Did I think my partner never found anyone else attractive- hell no!  Did I think there was anything wrong with me or them? No. I was secure enough in my partner to know I had nothing to worry about. 

It’s all about trust. Work on yours. 

It sort of seems that you might be a bit insecure, but in a way that you think your partner is ( I hate this expression) out of your league. 

She’s with you, she likes you. Enjoy it and as I said in my first post- stop sweating the small stuff.

If you booked with an agent then the cruise line will not be able to discuss your booking. It has to go thru the agent. 
So call them first to cancel. This way, depending on how far off the trip is, you will get refunded all or a portion of the cruise fare, but you will get refunded any port taxes and fees and any other pre paid add ons. 

Next would be the travel insurance. Idk who or what policy you have, but usually any 3rd party travel ins kicks in after your primary. 
So your travel ins may just tell you to submit all bills later on after you have outstanding bills from what your primary did not cover. 


Hope your wife will be okay.
I was the last in the fam to get one and I only got my first one just because everyone else in my fam had one. 

Kept it because I can’t even imagine trying to learn a new phone system. 
I know that’s a stupid reason  
I am very tech challenged!  Started with a 5, and my 8 is still doing just fine.
NTA

he never even realized you don’t shave, and he never thought you were unhygienic before. 

So his argument doesn’t make sense.
That is the stupidest sentence I have ever read!  

If you’re uncomfortable when you dress for any occasion, you’re doing it wrong.
Generally, community colleges will let you enroll regardless of GPA. 
unless there is an unusually weird amount of students enrolling that semester. 

Make an appointment with an admissions counselor at your local and see what they say. 
They have seen  and heard it all and won’t judge you. They are there to help you. 

Be prepared to take a bunch of remedial classes to bring you up to have the skills for 100 level college classes. 
(But that’s fine, I did a few when I was a returning student, they helped me refresh all the stuff I forgot years ago)

You can do this. You just need to start. 
Best of Luck to you.
Go to the financial aid office at your school. Explain everything to them and see if there are grants, loans, emergency aid that you can get. 

See if you can be an RA in the dorms for this or next semester, that way your room and maybe board will be covered. 
You can still keep your job too.
How is no one realizing that this teacher is taking 20 - 4th grade, 9 yo’s to a water park and is what?
Letting them all go off on their own wherever? 

Water parks are dangerous, no way any school I’ve ever had to deal with would allow that. There would be parents going and assigned a group of kids to be responsible for. 

As far as this situation, I would have made sure my kid didn’t have to babysit the boy no one likes, and only if that wasn’t done would I not let her go. 
And I wouldn’t have bought the VIP tix for the same day. I’d have done something else with my kid.
He has an older brother who is married and has a child. 
Someone said it is his step bro? Idk about that tho. 

I do remember seeing her posts tho. And the bro also posted about A scholarship or something? I dont remember exactly.
If you were my D, this is what I would tell you. 

You have seen how he is for a whole year already - Do you think he is going to suddenly wake up one day and be a considerate, non yelling, insulting bf?

Do you think if you just try harder to please him 24/7 then he won’t ever get mad at you and call you insulting names?  

I am telling you right now-

THAT WILL NEVER EVER HAPPEN! 

And that his not what being a partner is. You don’t change and compromise for anyone just so that won’t get mad at you. 

This is not love- you don’t love him, he certainly does not love you. 

Get away from him now. Before he hurts you worse. 

Stop dating,  I’m serious, you are way too young that this is your second abusive bf. 

You need to understand that you are worth way more than you have been getting. Having a bf is not the be all end all, find a few good friends to spend your time with, or hell, be alone for a bit. Enjoy your own company, find what makes you happy- that isn’t a boy. 

See what good relationships look like, and see what the crappy ones look like. 
Then, when you know what behavior you expect from a guy, you will be able to leave when the first bad behavior comes up.
So I just looked up port charges for GC here. I didn’t even know this  info was available but I took a shot and googled

https://www.caymanport.com/fee-structure/

It cost $7.26 per person plus another $36.75 for the ship 

So if we divide the 36.75 by the number of passengers, ( idk what ship so let’s say 3,000 passengers that comes to .012 cents per person) 

So $7.26 plus .02 thats $7.28 per person. 

the $10 credit per person works as far as a refund for port fees. 

NCL gave you a credit to your shipboard acct instead of a direct credit to your original form of payment.
The only problem I see is in the future., which most people don’t think about. 

He’s going to get to a point where he slows down and you wont be able to do some things together. 

Think of the activities you do now with him as a 45 yo. When you are 45, hell be closer to 60. He’s not going to have the energy for it. 

Then don’t discount his health. You may find yourself being his carer. And thats not an easy thing to do if you’re in the midst of a career, or are raising youngish kids, or both at the same time. 

I know 2 couples with at least a 15 year gap, and the men are both facing health issues and their wives are of course doing what needs to be done, but being a 50 something and scheduling your life around doctors and tests is not fun. And neither has any kids. 

Just something to think about.
She just started a new job and believe it or not, its a difficult one. 

Not just physically, but mentally, and add to that the fact that I’m sure shes stressed to no end wondering if shes doing this job right. 
All that combined is a recipe for exhaustion. 

She needs time. Time to feel like shes on a good footing with the job, time to build the confidence she needs to go into school every day knowing shes doing a good job. Time to learn all those shortcuts that veteran teachers know that cuts her at home work down. 

What she needs is a supportive bf who is willing to deal with this transition period of her life because he wants to support her to succeed. 

She doesn’t need a needy bf who jumps to a dating app the second his gf doesn’t give him the amount of attention he wants. 

I’d love to see what happens next year when you’re up to your eyeballs in textbooks and lack of sleep and she wants you to hang out. 

Are you going to put off studying to hang out? 
I didn’t think so. 

Frankly, you don’t deserve her. You’re too selfish.
 YTA

I am failing to see what is so wrong with him putting the ring in his mouth. 

Its really not a big deal.
NTA

its a perfectly normal question to ask. 

Your friend is hiding something. 
Let me guess- they met online and are long distance and he never actually met her.
Just passing on what i saw.
The CD was in OP’s name, effectively making it the legal property of OP. 

grandma verbally told OP to give that one CD to nephew. 

OP emailed nephew, nephew took a year to answer and then asked for gold. 

OP told nephew, why’d it take you so long? But ok I’ll send the check, but the original CD was cashed and spent in expenses so the $ is coming from me personally. 

Nephew responds give me my money, it shouldn’t take this long. Oh and send it to my dad. 

OP’s lawyer advised since the CD was never in nephews name, nor was the cd or nephew mentioned in grandmas will, OP legally doesn’t  have to give nephew any money.
I think I heard Costa Rica mentioned, but idk where I got that from so its not very helpful. 

And there’s nothing on the Costa Rica reditt either, so I’m starting to think there isn’t another one.
I saw a retired military somebody on fox ( dont slam me, they carried the shoot down live) who said biden wanted to shoot it down on wed and the military talked him out of it. 

This guy made a point of saying biden needs to have a little sit down with those guys and explain the chain of command. 

So I think there’s more to this whole incident than we know?
Yes. I keep trying to find one news source about that balloon. 

I cant find anything other than a blip that said US military was aware of one. 
Very strange.
This is what you’re unhappy about-

- he doesn’t tell you you’re cute or pretty every day 
- he doesn’t call you by your nickname
- he doesn’t ask you how you’re doing 
- he hasn’t asked you on a date since fall
- he says he’s not good at planning. 


You have not once said what it is that you do for him that you should be appreciated for. 

I’m sorry but you seem a bit insecure. Are you not confident in the fact that your bf likes your looks and wants to spend time with you? 

That might be why you’re going through rough patches. You expect him to act and be a certain way without thinking that maybe that’s just not him. Its easy to be so enamored in the beginning and then it tapers off. 

Thats not to say he should never give you compliments or plan something, but you want him to do all the work. Why cant you plan a date?
So see, you’re doing fine. You’re covering all scenarios and logically thinking things through. 

Just pay close attention over the next, say, 6 months. If he’s serious about you there is no reason you cannot start meeting his kids. Slowly at first, and gradually to where you all can spend weekend time together. Thats a big tell to me about his intentions.
Ooh his wife asked for the divorce. 
(Ill throw this out just cause I want you to think about things you wouldn’t think of.)

Some men just cannot be alone. His wife ending things, regardless of how he felt about you may have prematurely moved this relationship forward. And I’m not saying he wants back with her, I’m sure there were signs his marriage was in trouble. 

Im not saying this is true but roll that little nugget around a bit.
Ok so, I think it may have been much easier for you coming out of a marriage that you and your ex had already realized was over to go all in with the new guy, as opposed to him, who I’m gonna guess, sort of blindsided his wife with the divorce to an extent. 


So he’s dealing with guilt of hurting the ex, guilt about the kids while also trying to move on with you. Its been a year so he’s probably getting closer to the point of no guilt and ready to move on, and maybe knowing this trip was always going to be coming up ( which really was a stupid thing to do, the parents haven’t been together for a year, why make this trip? Why not just one of the parents take the kids? why this charade?)has hampered his moving on. But the trip will be done, he has no more reason to not wrap up his divorce and be all in. 

Also realize that his kids will always always cone first. You will not have what you did in your marriage, where its just the two of you and you can make plans on the fly and just go and be. Plans will be ruined if there’s an issue with the kids and you have to be  ok with that. 
Its the kiss of death if a relationship if you cannot handle all that. 

If after this trip he is not willing to have you meet the kids then id reassess his true intentions. 

But for the next few days while he’s gone, do something for yourself to occupy your time. It might be better if you two dont talk so much. A check in is enough. You dont want to get jealous and he doesn’t want to temper what he says to you.
And another excellent point to make. 

This thread is so fascinating, with all the ins and outs!
Something about this whole scenario just isnt sitting right with me. 

INFO please 

He’s separated yes?  As in, living apart, but not with you, from his soon to be ex wife, seeing his kids whenever the custody is they agree on?
Oh and there was no cheating by either of you? 


Then I can weigh in better.
Id agree with that -IF - China had relayed that info before this balloon was spotted. 

So they have a few weather balloon malfunctions, possible if they’re trying something new and perfectly reasonable, but just come out and say that before it enters into another country’s airspace. 

If they want to be believed they have to be transparent about it. 

Even then, we know the conspiracy theorists would be out in full force. 

But until it comes down or gets forced down, we wont know what it actually is, and even then we might not ever be told the full extent of its capabilities.
As I originally said, I would have believed it was a weather balloon that went off course, except that once it veered off and was clearly going to be entering close to or into another country’s airspace, any country, China should have said just that. Instead they said nothing. 

Now, its possible they tried to play that story with either the US or Canadian govt before it was spotted, by whoever spotted it first, but neither govt has said that was the case. 

Being that they didn’t just leads me to believe that it wasn’t just a wayward science balloon. Not to mention that there’s another one. And this one just traversed the country and is now over the Carolina’s, where I believe we have large military bases? ( could be wrong) 

There’s no doubt that most gov’ts don’t trust China, but them being transparent about it would have gone a very long way to minimize the evil China theories. 

I’ll believe the US and Canada before I believe anything China says. And thats just based in history, not just anti- China anything.
 NTA

Have you spoken to his bf and explained why he’s not invited?

Brother might be feeling its a rejection of him/ his bf, but bf might just see the rationale. 

As long as you and bf have always gotten along and there is no animosity, he should understand and help to calm your bro’s thinking.
YTA

are you freakin kidding? 
Your son has been bullied and when he finally defends himself - not start, not instigate, but defends himself, you actually think its ok to punish him more? 

You are the absolute worst! 

Give me a break about this one instance ruining his future. No college gives a rats azz about one suspension that can very easily be explained away. 

Those parents want to press charges? Let them. And counter sue for harassment. 
Line up every single instance that your son has been bullied by these two over the years and absolutely obliterate them in court. 

Be a better advocate for your son.
He’s needed you in his corner for years and you haven’t stepped up- 
Do it now!  

Im so disgusted by you and I don’t even know you
 Never heard that! 

Ok I’ll wait for a third to show up somewhere else too.
I might believe the balloon somehow got blown way off course-

If there wasn’t another one over South America. 

Two just seems a little too much of a coincidence. 

I guess it might be possible both balloons got caught up in the same winds or jet stream, but… eh.
Im not sure that your love language actually is physical touch. 

Im thinking that you are just starving for some type of physical touch being that from your description of family, you haven’t ever had much much of it. 

Explain to your gf this and let her know its not necessarily sex that you’re looking for, its more non sexual physical touch and closeness. 
So you can hold hands while sitting next to each other while watching tv, you want to rub her arm or leg if you’re just lounging around, you’d like a hug hello or goodbye. Make sure shes ok with this level of touch tho. 

See if thats what you’re really looking for. It will satisfy you and take the pressure your gf is feeling off.
NTA

her wanting to spend money you don’t have is exactly why she is in debt. 

You cleared yours, probably by being diligent and prioritizing spending while she seems like shes a bit more carefree financially. 

You two need to discuss finances in brutal detail and figure out if you’re compatible on this topic. 

As a couple you both should know what’s going on with the finances and recognize that even though it may be an occasion, sometimes its just not a good time to spend more. 
She knows about all the expenses you told us about, how can she expect to spend another $700 for 1 night?
I said it before, they want the RF to admit to 

-an unconscious bias in the monarchy, as well as a plan to eradicate it

-they want then to admit they didnt do enough to stop bad press of TW
( even if her actions, whatever they were, were truthfully reported)

- then they want an apology for the above two things and to admit that the stupid duo were right about everything they claim. ( even tho they haven’t laid out any concrete proof) 

They wont get any of it because its all 
delusions of two disturbed people.
Did you pay with a credit card?
Sone cards have some level of insurance. 

Check that.
I totally understand keeping separate, but what happens when, for instance, you have a baby and one of you stay home. 

I’d imagine it would feel a little weird not having your own acct of money. 
I cant imagine the working spouse not being ok with the SAHP having access to their acct, but I was curious. 

Anybody experience that and what did you do?
I’m sorry you are going thru this. 

But now’s the time to be mad, not sad. 
Much easier to forget all about him when your’e so mad at what he put you thru. 

So turn your thinking around,- be grateful you only spent 3 years with him and you have the best thing to come out of your relationship, your D. 

It shows just how invested he was that he’s going away with his friends instead of trying to get you and his D back - be mad about that! 

He has an addiction, but tries to blame it in you? As if you drove him to the compulsion he has? Nope. Be pissed about that too. 

He lied for years, get mad about that! 

You are going to have an amazing life! And you’re gonna do it all by yourself. You don’t need him.
So I guess serious humanitarian content highlighting their save the world complex is out? 

Great, one more thing they won’t get right as they know nothing about romance or comedy.
I don’t understand who the victim is. 

My point was trying to say that she has a preconceived notion of what this country is like and the only way he may get her to change that is to show her. Sounds reasonable to me. 

She may go and hate it, but at least she was there to make an informed decision. By him cancelling the trip he may have, in her mind, validated what she has been thinking all this time. She can then think to herself, see he knows its awful, thats why he gave up trying to get me to go. 

I wouldn’t say he has to cure her of anything, more like getting her to be more open to exploring something out of her comfort zone. Its been over 10 years, maybe just putting up with her for another month wouldn’t have been the worst thing.
A mid range mobile will do the same things as a high end one. Talk text and data. 

What else would you use it for? You’re not really gonna be able to do schoolwork on it. 

So go better on the laptop.
 NAH

I also think it depends on how often you are trying to get the guys together. 
Something every weekend, thats not gonna happen. No mom wants the dad out having fun every weekend while she gets child care duty. 

Something like a dart league is a weekly commitment. Most working people ( not just dads) are probably reluctant to commit to that  as its just another thing to add to the list of somewhere I have to be on that night every week. 

Instead of just trying to get the guys together, invite the couples over with their kids to watch a game, play a game, or even just to hang out. 

The guys only should be an occasional thing.
He had the side with the outlet for the alarm clock since he got up first. 

Then we had to switch cause the baby cradle only fit on that side of the bed. Its been that way ever since.
Honestly, you sound so desperate to find a partner and that desperation will become apparent to anyone you happen to meet. Thats not a good thing. 

You need to figure out why you feel that the only way to be happy is with a partner. 

There are always times in everyone’s life where they are single. That in itself should not be as big a deal as you are making it out to be. 

Go out with friends, join a club, pick up a new hobby. Do something, anything just for yourself. Something that you enjoy. 

Stop expecting someone else to make you happy. 

You’re so young, enjoy this time of your life. Your person will come at the right time.
He doesn’t want to date you anymore. Thats the reason. 

but you’re gonna hang on waiting for him to come up with some kind of problem or issue he has with you or your relationship and think together you can fix it. Did you ever think he doesn’t want to fix it? Whatever it is? If there even is a thing. 

Or there’s no fixable reason. He outgrew the relationship, he’s bored, you’re not what he wants anymore, he met another and wants to pursue her, but wont cheat on you so he breaks up. 

Just move on. Stop trying to figure it out. He’s not worth any more aggravation. You’ll make yourself crazy.
Agree totally! 

Why would she, or anybody really, fight for and want to be with someone who doesn’t want to be with them? 

I’ve always had that attitude which is why I get over heart break pretty easily-  first I’m hurt and upset, then I realize they don’t want me, so I just move on. 

Which is what OP should be doing.
Yeah but there’s something about seeing a foreign country with a native. 
Thats when and how you see all the great local things on offer. 

Its just sad she wont experience that,especially with you, her H.
But you wont convince her if she never goes there. 

Best thing would have been to counter whatever she says to whoever with the good things. She moans about it and even her aunt telling her about going there didn’t convince her. 

She needs to see it to believe it and you just shut that down. 

But also, shes pretty awful to disparage your home country so viciously when she hasnt ever been there.
Oh ok. Then it’ll be fine. 

You don’t have to do anything. 
Let it cool, i’d wash it and you’re good.
Don’t touch it till it cools off. 

If there was nothing in the pan what happened to the pan?
Have you told him you don’t feel like you two are connecting since you’ve had the kids? 

You need to sit him down and lay it all out. 
Tell him he has to decide what his priorities are. Is it you and the kids or his sailing? 
If its his family then he needs to be present, not just for the kids, but for you as a woman and his wife. 

Explain he cannot possibly be giving his all to : his job, his kids, his wife and his hobby. Something gets pushed to the back burner and you feel like its you and that needs to change. 

Not a threat, just a statement of fact- you’re not getting what you need from him and if you’re not then why should he even be there?
Its only been a few months and you admit its not 100% so why are you still there? 

This should be the honeymoon phase where everything is great, 2 ppl finding out everything about the other, sharing stories of their lives, their families, etc. 

Not, constant back and forth, push and pull. 

Please find someone closer to your age, in the same stage of life as you, thinking about and going thru the same things as you. 
You’ll find it a much easier, happier relationship.
I didn’t go away to uni, but dont most people have a roommate or 2 or 3? 
I would think you start there. You’re all in the same boat, not knowing anyone so you pal around with the few you do know. 

You can expand that into the others on your floor. I heard keeping your door open the first week or so is a good way- I guess the more extroverted ppl pop their head in to say hi? Idk. 

Then you join a club or a team or volunteer to do something and you meet others that way. 

Eventually you find the few that you really click with and they become your closer friends.
You should have been leary of a guy who seeks you out and professes to have a crush when he’s never even met you. 

That screams scam to me. 

You don’t say how long you’ve been together but I would delay moving in.
Yes we all did. 

But you’ve been with him for 2 years! 
That alone should be enough to be able to say that you trust him. If you do not, then why on earth would you have moved in with him? 

You have to decide if you trust him or not because he is not going to put up with your constant insecurity forever. 

Thats not how a relationship works, you trust until they give you a reason not to, and he hasn’t. So count your blessings, stop looking for drama and have a stress free life with the guy who wants to be with you. 

Stop this, You are way too old for this kind of stuff. 

Even if the bag is back in there, do you really think his 11 yo son even wants them? Here’s a clue- No, he doesn’t.
Oh silly me - I totally discounted the happy part. 

I hope OP updates as each of your timelines comes to fruition.
Oh come on, shes actually going to make you move out over a guy who she just met?  
Thats ridiculous!  What’s he gonna want next?

She needs to tell B that he hasn’t been around long enough to start dictating who or what she can do with her apt and her life. 

Have a chat with A. Shes acting irrational- over a guy.
I agree. 

I cant imagine how he’d act if there was a big problem.
Perfectly fine. Take a class as an elective on what may interest you and you’ll find it.
You are someone’s perfect person, you just haven’t met him yet. 

Do not settle for anyone who is not all in for you. 

You will get over this one and move on to someone better.
Congratulations!  You earned it!  

What are you thinking of studying?
You will do great.
NTA

SM actually acknowledged that your dad put her before his OWN kids as if thats something to be proud of? 

Wow. And your dad has nothing to say about that?  He’s the biggest AH of  them all. 

SM would not be getting any apology from me ever for anything. She is a horrible mom. 

You need a little chat with dad about what she said.
NTA

SM actually acknowledged that your dad put her before his OWN kids as if thats something to be proud of? 

Wow. And your dad has nothing to say about that?  He’s the biggest AH of  them all. 

SM would not be getting any apology from me ever for anything. She is a horrible mom. 

You need a little chat with dad about what she said.
NTA

Im not sure where she lives when shes not at yours so she can either remain there every day shes not spending time with her bf, or she gives it up and moves in with her partner and pays her share of expenses. 
Its one thing to spend time with a SO, its another when shes there for days at a time. 

There’s no reason she should be freeloading off you three. 

You need a roommate meeting and she either moves in or is only there when bf is there. And if shes visiting she doesn’t get to crank the ac, eat whatever she wants or treat it like its her home. Not that she can hang around all day while he’s at work.
Someone correct me if I’m wrong please- and I’ll delete this. 

I think the point is that piers got fired from what I think was a pretty big morning news show when he dared to say, probably amongst other things, that he didn’t believe what M claims. 

So the fact that he was in a sense, “markled”, ( lost his livelihood) and now he’s “back” because he has an interview with the PM, which is a big deal.
A couple of things off the top of my head -

If you can wait until after Labor Day, a lot more states schools are back in session which might cut down the number of kids. 

Idk how big the ship you mentioned is, but I would avoid any mega ship if your wife doesn’t like crowds. Id stay with somewhere around 3000 people or less. There may be less gimmicky things like rock walls or go carts or whatever riyal has. 

We just returned from a carnival cruise  out of Miami, and there were a bunch  of LGBT couples and groups. I dont know if it was the ship, ( celebration, very big), or the port, or that CCL has LGBT meet up’s on all their ships which is attractive to the demographic, but i didn’t see or hear anything disparaging. ( I realize I’m one person so that doesn’t mean much). 

This might cone off the wrong way 
but I don’t know how else to put it so please forgive if it offends, its absolutely not my intention- Idk if royal had a dedicated meet up but it might help to meet people like you and your wife ( see this part i didnt know how to phrase) who you can be comfortable hanging out with and sort of have your own gang of friends who are accepting. 

I know people hate carnival but I’ve been on them and NCL and really enjoy both lines. Carnival has really fun deck parties.
Id go back anyway. I cant possibly have another accident, right? Yup I’m going with that. 
We have 3 more booked for later this year. 😛

But yeah it seems they aren’t gonna bill me, which works for me!  Saves me from dealing with the insurance company.
Seriously needing evac is my absolute worst fear. 
Being so badly hurt that  they want me off the ship is terrifying!
Yeah had to do the report also. 

They even took pics of my sneakers, which I sort of understand, in a weird way. 

I would like to think its so they can see if there’s a pattern to where and how accidents happen. Idk.
That’s what I was thinking, since it happened on the ship.
Sounds like me- hurt on day 2. It def put a damper on the vacation.
Im sorry your dad went thru that. 

Its scary when you’re away from home and dealing with medical issues.
Thats what I expected to happen, its just really odd that they haven’t charged me yet. 

I have Allianz also so its good to know that it wont be a nightmare if I do have to claim.
Oh yeah I def misunderstood your comment. 
Sorry. 
Ill just wait and see what happens.
That is my worst fear and the reason for the outside travel insurance. 

It covers the usual trip cxl and delay, lost baggage, etc but I got it mainly for medical and evacuation.
I tripped and fell on stairs and broke my ankle, so really not their fault, not my fault, just a misstep. ( i wasnt tipsy and was wearing sneakers, it was just a freak thing) 

They did tell me upfront that they don’t take insurance, which I knew, and what all the charges would be for the doc and X-rays. After that i didn’t really care what the charge was for  the cast, just do what needs to be done. 

I did have to speak to security for an accident report, maybe that has some bearing also idk. 

I figured they’d put it on my ship acct because they didnt ask for my cc. 


I guess I’ll just keep waiting to see if maybe they direct charge my cc at some point, its been 6 days since I went to medical but only 2 days since debark.
Thanks, yeah my bill will def be higher than that so it cant be a threshold thing. 
I was expecting a charge to show up on my acct but it never did. Weird
 Nailed it in one!  
Perfect.
Im a bit confused. 

What exactly is he doing that is making you feel bad? 

The only clue I got was you feel uncomfortable and / or unwanted by him. Is this a result of the pregnancy? Is it a weight issue or what?
No way in hell would I ever see any doctor that sil has seen or is her babies primary doctor. That will only give her more ammunition. 

You have no idea if what shes telling you is really what her dr had said. 
Her baby is small, she has to find something to brag about. 

Both these babies are under a year old, do I believe her baby is some super specimen of muscles? Idk, I guess its possible- will he continue on that same path? Who knows. 

Don’t engage her at all. If she makes any kind of “off” comment, ask her straight up what shes trying to say. Put her on the spot.
