

"Someone has sent me a video of you during a party, and now I'm really concerned about your safety with the people you hang out with. I need to ask you some questions, so I can know you're safe now."

I'd say that. I'd have to.

It seems very obvious to me that whoever sent you this video intended to shame your BF and bully him further. The first thing you need to do is be clear it did not work. Your concern needs to be for his safety and your clear communication needs to be that nothing he does, no matter how drunk he gets, validates or excuses people treating him this way.

Do not be the tool of his bullies. Be clear that his safety from abusers is your only concern. If he says he is stays the fuck away from those people, tell him you're glad and you're proud of him. Ask if he wants to talk about it any further. Don't demand. The only answer *you need* is that he is currently safe from danger and abuse.
If it’s self-imposed then it’s not a rule/agreement with your partner. It’s a personal choice you would make for yourself with any partner. 

But to be entirely honest, as a bisexual woman I’d still probably avoid getting too deeply involved even if you swore up and down it was entirely personal and your partner didn’t even care, because it just reflects that common attitude that sex between women isn’t _real sex_.

You’re entitled to a personal choice, other people can have personal feelings about that choice.
Consigned. 

As a bisexual woman, this implies to me that any sex and connection I’m having with the woman is “lesser than” purely on the basis of my gender/genitals. 

A personal choice is fine and all — I have lived much of my adult life with only “one penis”, but it was never _a policy_ it was just who was in the mix at the time — and we cannot pretend these sorts of attitudes towards sex that doesn’t involve a penis exist in a magic little bubble. They exist in a context that I’d rather not operate in.
No. The mother would likely need to be extremely ill/malnourished to begin with in order to end a pregnancy this way with any reliability.

Two weeks of deprivation would be totally insufficient for most reasonably healthy adult women.
Young wolves become way more vocal, yipping and growling in ways that don’t appear to be very communicative, when the rest of the pack is ostracizing them for poor social graces or bullying behaviours.

But human beings aren’t wolves either.
Okay. That explains the problem more clearly, but you still need to stop trying to solve it for him.

Tell him the actual problem for you: He’s shown you a plan, but that plan is NOT happening. You are paying for him, but he is not being honest or accountable to you. He’s loosing your trust and your respect.

Stop trying to tell him how to solve it and trying to fix it for him. Put it back on him: He’s damaging the relationship, being dishonest with you, and being dependant on you financially. It’s not acceptable. It’s going to end the relationship. Maybe not tomorrow but eventually you will be happier and healthier without him, so you choose that. Any sane person would.

Don’t tell him exactly how to fix it. Remind him you’ve given him plenty of suggestions and you now expect him to fix this problem. Not continue to make it yours. 

If that direct talk about consequences and boundaries does not get get him moving on this, within a few days, start planning to be rid of him. If the problem _is him_ and he’s choosing to keep those problems and make them yours too, then you have to solve your real problem by getting rid of him.
He’s told you he doesn’t want help. He’s shown you his plan. You can disagree, but if he had a plan and he’s working it, you need to stop pressuring him to make a better one. It’s his plan. 

And he may be right about what the limits of the charity/council powers are, and it’s not your business in the least if he doesn’t want to ask his parents for help.  

If he’s paying his obligations to the shared home, then you need to let him carry his personal burden the way he chooses too. And speak for yourself. Speaking for yourself can look like “I don’t have the bandwidth the listen to these complaints/stress right now.” Or even “I find it hurtful you continue to complain at me, but will not entertain any of the suggestions I’ve given you at all.” Speak for your own feelings. Stop trying to fix the situation for him. It’s his.

If he’s not paying his agreed on share of your shared home, then you need to consider that this isn’t a safe person for you to live with because he expects you to carry his burdens without having to listen to you or consider your feelings or perspectives at all.
This. It makes me so mad when kids are taught this was the highest of high art and was inaccessible or highbrow. R&J literally opens with a bunch of teenage buddies making a rape joke, a rape _pun_, but so many teachers just swan on past that.
I was confused at first too, then I remembered women are always bad and always to blame.
You’re probably incompatible. This isn’t what you want.

You can, and should, bring up the idea of separate bedrooms, but it’s concerning that he doesn’t seem to recognize that option.
Dude, the part that made this _really bad sex_ was the part where you made it her job to take care of your feelings afterwards. No hook up wants to be your therapist or your coach. 

The fact you are continuing to think it would appreciate to try and demand more of her time and attention is unhinged.

Go watch some educational videos on performing oral sex, and with the next woman ask her what she likes and make sure she orgasms before your penis gets involved. 

Leave this woman alone, as she has clearly told you too.

You are not owed any amount of chances. She is owed the basic respect of you not contacting her anymore. 

Don’t be a creepy, demanding child. If you showed up at my house in this situation, I’d call the cops and let them explain to you that I will not be speaking with your further.
Nothing but “Me man. Me use big tool go vroom.”

Statistically, women are safer drivers by every metric. On a average, women are just as capable as men of spacial reasoning, but they don’t overrate their skills by as much, take fewer risks, and can more accurately assess the risks. Women ding cars and crack fenders. Men kill people. 

From a pure probability POV, if you want to live let a woman drive.
If you don’t want to be in an open relationship, it’s time to leave this one. Because that is the best case scenario. The best case scenario is that he wants a transparent and ethical open relationship. From there, it only get worse. 

Don’t get stressed out, just admit you want monogamy. Just monogamy. Nothing else. If he doesn’t agree, fully and directly in language you can rely on, let it be over.
Your BF just put you in the “Be my pretty lady, not a human being.” box. 

It would be slightly different if he had simply said, he’d prefer you not fart around him when it was avoidable — and because we are human, he knows it is not perfectly avoidable — as just a personal preference. The fact he connected it to being “ladylike” is gross and demeaning and very, very stupid.
It’s funny they think rich men weren’t hoarding women before.

You know it’s just that less of you plebeians die young, right? Most of you were not gonna be landed gentry. You were not going to be assigned a buxom teenager. You were not likely to be master or meritorious in 1020, or 1620 or 1820 either.   

You’re just angry you don’t have a woman, an assigned woman, you can punch down at, no matter how low you are.
I always wonder if they think small children in Guatemala are just failing to manifest food and clean drinking water. Like, if systemic issues don’t exist, then there are entire nations causing famine with all their negative self talk!
Fit of rage is a phrase which should only ever be associated with an ex. 

You don’t have to be perfect, to deserve not to be absurd. That is a lie abusers love to tell, to keep you trapped.
Thank you for explaining why this might be a deterrent. It seemed like a very easy hoop to jump through to me, for someone with malicious intent who wanted to create a false sense of security.
I am opposed to engaging with people who exhibit a behaviour I have found to be directly connected with negatively, resentment and even other controlling behaviours.

Also, I am woman. Who largely but not exclusively dates men.  

In my experience, men who start off with this demand, quickly have other demands and accusations. 

I have strategies to keep myself safe, this is not one of them.

Exactly the opposite I guess; My strategy is too avoid men who exhibit a behaviour that doesn’t make me feel safe and respected.
Your husband turned you into his private porn star without telling you about it. He felt entitled to doing so without your “formal consent” and is now demanding a “formal request” they be deleted.

I doubt your husband is a compete fucking moron. He was aware, or should have reasonably assumed, that you believed the videos were deleted and that is what you wanted. He should not have felt entitled to them in this way, and trying to make you the bad guy who “demands” he give up something he never should have taken without explicit permission, is revolting.

You are under-reacting. 

It feels like an invasion because it was. 

Tell him to delete them. 

Tell him he fucked up royally by behaving entitled to these videos without a transparent conversation. At very least, you should express deep disappointment with his judgment.
He’s 32.

He’s not confused about pets. He doesn’t need it explained to him. This is who he wants to be, the asshole who treats your dog poorly and enjoys its fear. 

He sees you only as a servant to his future baby, not as a person balancing her loves and needs. 

And people who are jealous of pet are often jealous of babies as well. 

Don’t keep such an open mind your brain falls right out. This is exactly what it looks like.
If trust is broken, don’t date her.

“Testing her” is just demeaning yourself in a shitty relationship that already isn’t working,

You were manipulative, you were toxic. You decided to stay in a relationship you shouldn’t have and used that as excuse to practice being a bad person.
I don’t understand how this strategy is protecting someone from a trafficker. The trafficker is usually real local people aren’t they? It doesn’t seem like it would have helped the victim in that article.
You’re mistaking “consequences” for “can’t do it”.

You absolutely can break a contract, and if it was a legal one, there might be consequences for doing so. 

But Scientology cannot enforce their a billion-year contract in court, and you cannot use the law to force your partner back into the marital home or bed if they don’t want to be there.
Yeah. I’m fine with that. You’d be unmatched. Not an issue for me what reason a person concocts at that point.
Yeah. Ask for a FaceTime first and okay. But ask me to buy todays newspaper? Or make some weird hand signs? Often within the first day of matching? Just GTFO.

I used to do it, without fail these people were all bitter, resentful and a bit controlling.
He knows how you feel. He doesn’t care. He feels entitled to placing this pressure on you. He thinks you should preform this way for him.

You’re incompatible.

And he’s a bully.

Don’t stay with him.

But since you’re going to anyways, say this “Comments about my femininity, skirts and makeup need to stop. You’ve cross the line from expressing a preference, to being really hurtful. If you care about not hurting me, you will stop. If you care more about what I wear, then how I feel, we will break up. Maybe not tomorrow, maybe not right away, but it’ll happen if you don’t stop hurting me.”
This. It has to be really extreme before I assume they were actively trying to be deceptive. I’m bad at reading photos. 

I’m far more annoyed by men who lie outrageously about their height. I’ve happily dated men who are shorter than me, and secure about it. Don’t want to date a person who isn’t comfortable in the height difference.
I don’t know if you’re joking, but when someone does this to me I immediately unmatch. My photos are current and authentic and I use to comply, but I have never had a positive interaction when I did. 

A person who comes at me from this kind of place of bitterness and control is not someone I will continue to speak with.

Dating is risky and often disappointing, but if all you’re bringing into is distrust and anger, I want none of it.
Then be honest with your own needs and walk away. 

I didn’t mean to imply he needs to regret or feel ashamed. Only that people who have enjoyed casual sex in the past are still capable of choosing monogamy and being faithful. (In my experience, they are often better at it, because of the lack of FOMO.)
You’re not compatible. 

He could be just as capable of commitment and monogamy as any man who ever lived, but it doesn’t matter if you cannot believe that. 

If you’ve lost trust, this is over. 

You should date the person in front of you, not their every past choice, or the person you’d hope they could become. You need to be able to believe what they say about their current choices and values. If you cannot be happy with that person today, be honest, and bow out.
Because freedom!!!
The Republicans are right and royally fucked.

They have cultivated a delusional base that is not capable of selecting a candidate who can win a general. 

Running to Trumps right is the smart way to get the nom, and then to in loose the popular vote again, and probably the election.
You just know this man watches nothing but hard core anal porn and pimple popping videos, and is in deep denial about his desire to be pegged.
Because it’s not about attraction.

Like rape, the power is the point. The violation is what they want. 

They are just exerting power in a public place. All public spaces belong to men, in this persons mind. Women just walk through them. Women in men’s spaces get what they deserve. 

I’ve a had few men try to genuinely compliment me. You can tell the difference (and no, it’s not that they are “Chads”). They have said shit like “Cool hat”, “Awesome vibe” or “Wish I was going to whatever party you’re headed too!” 

It’s really not _that hard_ to compliment a stranger. Stand still, do not move into their space. Compliment a choice, not a innate thing about their body. Allow the interaction to end right then. Easy.
I disagree with your premise. 

The divorce rate doesn’t speak to people who “want to end it over the smallest thing”. Most people I know who divorced worked damn hard, sincerely to avoid it. The people I know who’ve been married 10+ years went through periods where they had to do that work too. 

Assuming every divorce is a personal failure is a lingering stigma, not a reality. 

And how can we say the divorce rate is high, when we’re comparing it to a time when it was practically, financially and often legally impossible to divorce? (Not to mention the stigma!) Do we really think marriages were twice as healthy and happy in 1950 as they were in 1990? Or that they were 3x more blissful? That people were really freely consenting to stay married more often? Even if your own family history was happy enough, most of us can ask our grandmothers about the women she knew and be quickly disabused of that notion.

And why in earth do you think people who don’t want to marry, not marrying, is a problem?
Of course he did.

My ex and his family were appalled that months after he dumped me (with a bit of bonus cruelty) I did not come to care for him during his unexpected surgery as I had during the first eight of them. You see, he had thought he was healthy now, so he no longer needed me. He had blamed me for “stalling his life”, but once he was in need again, I was a monster for not actually putting my life on pause, again, to care for him.

The mind boggles.
In other words, people who are less likely to want commitment and compromise at that stage of their lives… are less likely to work towards commitment and compromise at that stage of their lives!
And I’m disagreeing. It seems very obvious to me that is not “many people”. That is a minority. The majority are inclined to stay longer than they really should and keep working. 

More importantly, it’s the right outcome! That’s the would I want to live in. If someone has one foot out the door, give ‘em a shove. Problem solved.
Hah, I’d say they don’t actually understand consent.

They just glom on to buzzwords to try and make their positions sound modern and palatable. It’s like when they talk about the loneliness epidemic and mens mental health stigma, and you’re nodding along because yes, real issues! But then you realize they are actually suggesting the government “gift” these men sex slaves to solve  the problem.
I agree. The only reasons I can see to get married today is if you believe it’s a religious sacrament (terrifying to me! But ok) or if being married provides better protection for the children and their rights where you live. Otherwise, don’t get it. Very expensive party and pointless peice of paper for me.
I cannot comprehend this attitude towards people, it’s so objectively and observably false. 

Most people, the vast majority, keep working at preserving a relationship for months or years after it becomes objectively clear it should probably end, and both parties would be happier and healthier. We all know these people! We have mostly been these people. 

I looked back in my life and know where I should have had a zero tolerance policy; lying about money, throwing things in anger, being mean to waiters. 

Healthier conflict resolution skills often contribute to relationships coming to an end, because healthy approaches to adversity and conflict include fundamentally changing the terms of the relationship agreement, or even ending it.
I work very hard to look like I’m ignoring _everyone_ who is hollering for my attention in public. I always listen very closely for a few seconds before deciding if I’m going to engage, and usually I will not. If you’re asking for directions or warning about construction, sure. If it’s unclear in those few seconds what you’re up too, I assume it’s no good and keep walking.
That’s nice.

Legally speaking, if there is going to be marriage, there must be “divorce without any outside authority judging whether or not the reasons are good enough.” Anything else in unjust, to everyone. 

No fault is a term of art for the kind of separation you’re talking about — where no one but one or both of the two people in the marriage gets to decide it’s over. The term exists because there was a and time and place, recently and currently, where they was/is not the case. It doesn’t mean everyone is a blameless little angel.
He’s certainly expressed the willingness to blame the woman when he rapes her, if he sees the opportunity.
This seems to be connected to new movement in the manosphere against no fault divorce: She consented to be mine and she is not entitled to withdraw that “consent” for any reason. (Which means it’s not actually consent at all…) so the law is wrong when it gives her the ability to leave the marriage.

The problem with the divorce rate, in their minds, is the same problem as the “false accusation” rape hysteria: They don’t want women to be able to withdraw anything they interpreted as “consent” to their supremacy. They want to trap one, and not have to worry again about being worthy or of a partnership.
This guy knows, with 100% certainty, that no woman has ever _enjoyed herself_ with him and never will.
Motherhood is the best thing _when it serves them personally, or their political goals._ 

The like motherhood as an ideal, not as an occupation that might not directly benefit them. 

The fact that an actual person they have to interact with may be doing the work of being a parent, while female, is inherently distasteful.
I think it should be a goal daily, on a personal level — ignore them, live your life. 

But beyond the personal sphere we cannot afford to ignore them. Not only do the extreme members try to kill us, with guns and with legislation, but the shepherds are leading more and more young men to the slaughter. On a societal and political level they cannot be ignored. They want women subjugated and their strategy relies are making more and more men desperate, entitled, ill or angry enough to support that cause — on the false promise that access to an unhappy, subjugated women will make them happy, and that they will all of course be found deserving and meritorious by the new patriarchy.
It’s a bad habit and she needs to stop.

Could it mean she’s not over him? Sure. But a bit more likely is that she’s picking at the scab, re-running conversations in her head, and basically letting this wound fester.

She can’t build a new, healthy relationship unless she recognizes this behaviour is self-destructive. Just cause lots of people do it (especially, just every once in a while, and not weekly) doesn’t mean it okay.

In the end, I’d be more concerned that it’s been two years and they haven’t formalized the divorce.
You need to go see what you can swing with work.

Look, that kind of response is unkind. It’s not crazy for your partner to ask you to commit to spending some vacation time with them, or to ask you to confirm those plans in June for July. You may not mean to be jerking her around, or telling her she’s not a priority, or embarrassing her in front of her friends, but the result of that kind of response can rationally be all those things. 

If you cannot take vacation then, figure out when you can and calendarize it now. 

You’re working too much. Regardless of what else is going on here in this relationship, your work life balance sounds like complete shit right now and a reasonable partner will become frustrated by that.
Ask him what his plan is for his agreed on portion of the bills are, if he is out of working for a month, or 3 months. Or more.

That’s the question you need to ask him, and make it clear you have not agreed to covering all the finances for an indeterminate length of time. He needs a plan to meet his obligations. He needs to communicate that plan to you.

Stop trying to fix the job search issue for him. Start expecting him to address your very reasonable fears and boundaries like a reasonable person. 

It’s not your job to find him a job.

It’s his his to explain to you how he is going to meet his responsibilities once this contract ends. It’s not totally crazy to be looking forward to job searching after his contact ends, but if that is his plan he needs to tell you he has enough cushion to make it happen. You are not his safety net. You just moved in together. That is not a kind or reasonable expectation of you.
“I didn’t want a better life FOR THE WOMEN!”
Just tell him the truth; It’s not working for you. 

This daily texting is awkward and confusing. You don’t want to continue it. You can’t build a serious connection like this. It’s hard to even build a friendship… Tell him you want to stop. Wish him well. 

Block him when he doesn’t reply with grace.
It’s not fair.

It’s obviously abusive behaviour.

You’re not in an ethically non-monogamous relationships. You’re in an emotionally abusive one.
I honestly don’t know how women have sex with men in some states these days at all… I love sex but it seems unnecessarily risky.

But at least now you know; He wasn’t getting better. He just has a little while where he had fewer reasons to be utter shit. Now he has a new  reason to be a selfish, abusive peace of shit, and he’s going all in on it! 

You don’t need a perfect excuse, but his transparent attempts to bully, manipulate and shame you into silencing your own feelings and needs, are pretty damn perfect as valid reasons to dump a person goes.

He’s gonna call you selfish and stubborn if you were paying his rent and donating a kidney. He just wants to get his way. It has nothing to do with reality.
One of my few boundaries in my open relationship is that neither of us sleep with who is not pro-choice, even though protection is always used as well.

I may stay in the relationship with someone else being pregnant, but I wouldn’t try to force a polycule or triad because she got pregnant. The two of them may have a relationship as coparents, and that would remain separate from my relationship as partner or friend with either of them.

But you really shouldn’t stay in this relationship.

He is manipulative and emotionally abusive. And if he actually uttered the words “small inconvenience” to refer to his own child I might take a baseball bat to his bits before I go.
There is nothing here but to live and learn.

People are more than just toys, or experiences. They are people first and foremost. Don't think because you're less experience, it's okay to treat someone (who isn't openly, transparently consenting) like a toy or a fun ride. It's still really important to *talk* about what you want. Don't make assumptions about what they want or feel.

Even if you had watched the movie, he may still have ended up connecting with and choosing someone else. So don't follow that road in your head to silly places.

It's totally normal and healthy to have fantasies, but stop fixating on this guy. 

Just keep dating. 

Use your experience to inform your future choices.
This is just not a person to engage with. The rest is unknowable. You can know you were right to get away from her.

There is nothing to learn here except that you were right. Eventually. Good for you.

But the term you're looking for is "serial monogamist" or even "cowardly little shit". Sociopath is a stretch based on what you've given here, and "Monkey brancher" is from incel/PUA land with their notoriously terrible understanding of evolutionary psychology. If you don't want to be associated with misogyny, don't use their buzzwords. You can be plenty angry with one shitty person who happens to be a woman, without buying into the resentful bullshit that will damage your relationships with all women.

File this under shitty person is shitty and move on. Closure happens when you stop caring why shitty is shitty and just be glad to be staying away from it.
You're incompatible.

Also, pair bonding is just a profound misunderstanding misogynists have *about birds*, that they have used as an excuse to shame women. (If anything, human beings can actually get better at forming intimate relationships with more *healthy practice* at it.)

But that doesn't matter here, you're not compatible with her and that's okay. You don't trust her. Don't date someone you don't trust. (Also, don't be a controlling twat, but that is a seperate issue). It just has nothing to do with her cognitive or neurochemical ability to create and maintain partnerships in her own life.
A yellow flag, but not a red one.

At three months, you should be a little bit skeptical of anyone's report of their 'crazy/abuse ex'.

But reactive abuse is a very real thing. The key word is "react". People are not at thier best when facing frequent abuse. They snap. They lash out. They do crazy, toxic things in reaction to being abused.

Mutual abuse, is rare.

Reactive abuse, is common. And lots of abusers try to push their victims to react, so they can blame-shift and gaslight the victim into thinking it's their fault. 

Keep your eyes and ears open, but no, not an immediate red flag.
Improve first. Then communicate to him the exact steps you are taking.

Telling him before you've even started the work will feel like you're making an excuse, like you're asking him to tolerate it, or worse, solve it for you. And even worse still, that might actually be on some level, what you're trying to do.  Get his acceptance and validation. Make excuses. Not changes.

So, change first. Do the soul searching. Pick some strategies. Identify a few small steps you need to take, and maybe one or two big ones. Maybe book a session or two with a counsellor. Then share with him what *you are doing* to solve *your problem*.
No.

The two things aren’t related in that way. 

The national PP federation is restructuring to support state-level decision making better and to developing more tele-health. The former CEO was there for 12 years. New one has been in place for about 3. I don’t think anyone who understands NGO life cycle would find this all that shocking. Sad for the individuals involved, absolutely. Also totally sane leadership.
Won’t lie to you, that was all pretty damn bad. 

The point now is to get your head on straight so you don’t make similar mistakes when you’re hurting or in pain in the future. That’s the best way to make amends and to rebuild your trust in yourself.
Get back to the hustle and get your financial independence back.

And don't be so hard on yourself.

You entered into an arrangement with someone you knew was paying you for sex. Like a lot of young people, you came to realize just what that all meant. It would have been rational to assume she was paying others as well. Looking back, you can probably identify some places where you should have said No Thank You, or suggested she work with another trainer, but she was probably far more skilled at pushing past boundaries, than you were at expressing them.

Get yourself out, safely. And rebuild. And maybe an STI check. Crash on a friend's couch for a bit if you need too. There is nothing wrong with you. It's a learning experience about setting boundaries, listening to your own instincts and avoiding manipulators. It's one a frightening number of women of all races go through, and you'll make it through it too.
I keep on validating disapointment and saddness. 

You keep saying you get it, but then immediately insisting on more angry assumptions and accusations of wrongdoing against her. So you don't seem to be getting the discretion.

Good luck.
You’re becoming absurd in an attempt to hold on to your anger with her and find wrongdoing. 

You met her in mid-March, it’s now almost the end of May. That’s a very normal range of time for people to connect sincerely, but for ones to realize it’s not going to work out.
Yes that was unkind, but she’s entitled to her belief and if she doesn’t believe he can handle it, then she’s right to end it regardless of what he thinks of his own capacity. “I do not trust you’re capable of meeting my needs.”
Would be more accurate, but it’s the same thing and valid. It’s sub-optimal phrasing, but she appears to have owned her choices no problem. 

But seriously, his behaviour here is reminding me why 29 is my absolute floor. I’m inclined to agree with her assessment.
Most people experience validation from relationships of all kinds. 

You're looking for a reason to make her the bad guy because she disappointed you, but you don't have a good one. She just disappointed you, because she didn't want what you wanted.
The assumption she didn't tell you *just about as soon as she figured it out herself*, is the bitter and entitled bullshit I mean. Those are the kinds of negative thoughts you need to stop indulging in.
While I think it's inappropriate he didn't tell you, if he never replied, it's not that weird that he kept it to himself. 

A lot of people, especially men, do not like to admit they are being harassed. And it is harassment. It may be low-key, but it is that. 

I don't block the man who sends me these sorts of texts, because a.) I worry if he realizes he's blocked he may escalate and b.) I want to have a record of the behaviour in case he ever does escalate. It's not a comfortable thing to tell a new partner about, but I always do.
Yeah, but you’re letting these thoughts fester. We all have passing thoughts after a break up that are are negative and irrational. You have to let them go, not ponder them further. 

They won’t support you being happy, or kind, in the future. So drop that bullshit.
Be disappointed, not irrationally bitter and entitled.
You weren't lied too.

You were given the best truth, as she had it to give you. As she realized what she wanted more clearly, she told you! 

The fact you are trying to round up an incompatibility, her own needs in a more serious relationship, and her very open and direct communication with you... into a lie and a betrayal is a huge part of why you're not emotionally mature enough to be dating older women. 

This is how healthy older people date: It's fun for a bit if you're basically compatible, but it will likely end quickly once they decide it's not long-term.
So you meet a grown-ass woman who is totally clear with you she's not ready for anything serious, you date for a few months, and she decides it's not gonna work for her long-term, then she tells you so, plainly and directly.

And you *still* accuse her of using you or game-playing. 

She just told you what she wanted. And you weren't it. That's *sad*, but not a betrayal. 

That was successful communication. You had a good time for a while, you had some basic compatibility, but once she knew it wasn't for her, she told you.

Maybe the problem isn't your income or the age range. Maybe the problem is you need to learn to handle rejection. Most connections with anyone of any age, are gonna just not quite work out.
Just stop texting him entirely.

You rejected him. When you rejected his intensity and talk about future wifey, that was *rejecting him.* You didn't want what he wanted. And that's okay. It was the right thing to do.

Let it be a rejection and let it be over.
Then your marriage is over.

You've decided it.

You're just trying to bully her into being the one who says it out loud. It may take years, but eventually she will and you'll tell yourself your hands are clean, but they are not. 

What you are doing is cowardly and manipulative. At least as shitty as anything you've accused her of here.

If you actually want to be married, stop this bullshit and go talk to a counsellor together.
You're the one who described actively threatening the relationship.

What's worse, you don't even *mean it*. You don't want to divorce right? So you're just being manipulative and hurtful when you speak that way to her. At least she's being honest with you about her unhappiness... 

So why don't you shit or get off the pot. Stop making it all her job to leave your ass. 

The rank hypocrisy is shocking. You sound like a teenager, not a 35-year-old.

Either get a marriage counsellor involved to help you both do better (you, yes you, really need to do a *lot better* than this) or stop being such a little shit and hire a lawyer yourself.
Just let him avoid you. It's fine for him to avoid you.

This is resolved just fine. 

Stop trying to pursue the FWB/casual fling with him. He is not equipped/interested in that. Don't get bent outta shape that a 22-year-old can't explain his boundaries and emotional needs clearly. Just take the damn hint that he's not looking for what you're looking for, and stop trying to get what you want outta him. 

The awkwardness is a thing you can choose to ignore for yourself.
Then you earned every downvote.

Everyone who thought your question was insincere, or combative, or condescending, or not worth engaging with, was just objectively correct.
>Edit: the fact that this got downvoted is both hilarious and pathetic

That response really just supports the decisions of others to not engage with you.

If you want a sincere conversation in the future, start by indicating you're willing to put in the effort to understand other people. Read through the thread. Ask for specific clarifications or identify common themes, or things that seem contradictory to you. Reword what you've understood and ask if you've got it right. These are skills we're taught in grade school for engaging other people with ideas sincerely and respectfully and showing we are interested in comprehending new ideas. 

Don't just vaguely demand someone else spell it out for you. Especially in the context of this sub, demanding someone else just spell it out for you is going sound combative and condescending. (And leave the impression of a very large risk that you are the sort who jumps into this sub feeling entitled to the emotional and intellectual labour of women, who you intend to shit on regardless.)

That is why I choose to ignore you. The risk outweighed any possible benefit to me, and still does. I'm very likely going to regret this. 

If that's not who you are, then don't approach it like this.
Does it matter? If you're not compatible, then you're not compatible. It doesn't matter very much if that is personal or cultural.
If you're comfortable with this level of prudishness and insecurities, sure.

I wouldn't be comfortable with this. I'd remind her that I also kissed my ex while wearing pretty much every single shirt in my wardrobe and she had unzipped every pair of jeans I own, and maybe have used every towel in the house *while naked*. She also pet my dog. Even kissed his little nose. Can he stay? 

If she wants to be absurd, let's be equal opportunity absurd. I wouldn't spend thousands of dollars to appease the irrational insecurities of someone I'm just dating. Especially not if they were phrasing it as a 'demand' and not a 'request for support and understanding, even though it's a bit silly'.
No. This is a terrible idea. 

She's either looking to wound herself with this information, or she's gathering ammunition to wound you with. This question is inherently combative and controlling. It can only damage your relationship. 

Tell her she needs to trust you to maintain appropriate boundaries with people you find attractive, as you always have before, and that if this conversation is going to be a productive one it's time to get the counsellor involved and examine what she is trying to achieve with this line of questioning.
I didn't say there weren't many good things.

But look at what this bad thing is, cause it's a fricking huge one:

1. He felt unsafe speaking with you about his unhappiness and concerns.
2. You two disagreed about boundaries, and you appear to be seeking to isolate him from external emotional support. You say you don't want too, but in addition to number 1, that is the toxic dynamic that is developing and deepening. 
3. You are now experiencing too much anxiety to join him in his regular activities or interact with people who are really important in his life.

It's fine to decide the good outweighs the bad, but the bad you've described here is massive, and you're still firmly in the honeymoon phase.

You can decide to work this out and it might even work out, but recognise that one of the important things about dating isn't just learning to work things out. Most of us will try to work out plenty more than we really should. This sub is full of people trying to 'work out' obvious incompatibles, cheating and even outright abuse. It's really learning what is not tolerable for you, so you waste less time with basically good people, who are not the right people for you.
It's normal to maintain keepsakes. Especially in a private place.

The fact you see this as a possible 'confrontation' is a major issue. This was not thrown in your face. This was privately tucked away and your 'stumbling' sounds a hell of a lot like snooping.

It's understandable that it upset you, but the issues here are obviously whatever insecurities you've got going on. He didn't do anything to you. He didn't do anything wrong. You're doing all this misery to yourself. You should be talking to him about those, and maybe seeking support and treatment for them. This book should be a non-issue.

The fact you think sentimental objects are 'disrespectful' is absolutely not a universal opinion, and frankly, it's a rather immature one. One I'd expect from someone closer to 18 than 30.
It's been four months. These sorts of issues, so early on, can and should be dealbreakers.

In another situation, I'd tell you that you cannot obsess about 'your side' and that your partner needs to have people in their life they can confide in about their struggles and concerns. While there can, and should be some boundaries, relationships cannot be emotional prisons. You shouldn't want to isolate your partner from their support network. You must trust and respect those people *understand* they are only hearing one perspective. Most people do understand that. 

But in this situation, why are you trying so hard to make it work when it so clearly isn't?
Don't worry about this guy. He's not the issue. This is not about apologizing. 

Are you getting medical support for your mental health right now? You're in a *really* bad way and making *really* bad choices for yourself. 

You just need to end all contact with this guy and get yourself some serious support and medical intervention. This sequence of events was not about him. It was about the BPD. You need serious, focused invention and treatment for your BPD.
No.

I'd say maybe, big maybe, if your true intention was simply to apologize for wrong doing.

But it isn't. This is condescending. You're talking about her like she was a secondary character in your life, existing only to assist in your growth. Underneath this all is the assumption she requires your apology/input in order to move on with her own life. You know that's not right.

You haven't spoken in years. You know nothing. You have nothing to offer except a sincere apology and what you've written here, it not that sincere apology. What you've written here is an inward-looking bit of journaling about what a great person you've become. This is self-centring and personal validation, not an apology. It's great if it's all true for you, but that has no value to her.

Nearly every time I hear a long-time ex reach out to 'apologize' I end up rolling my eyes. It's almost always just selfishness and guilt, and they are using the other person to make themselves feel better. Demanding attention to an 'apology' that is not really an apology, but is about making themselves feel better is just not a good look. Don't do it.
The most important thing is to relax, and keep on living your life.

You're just talking. It's been good but it's just talking. He's moving. It's reasonable to believe he's probably not dodging you. Moving is highly time-consuming and brain-space-consuming.

Right now, you *are* pen-pals. Trying to move things forward right away wouldn't be sensible or kind. I'd suggest you not fight that and just accept it, hoping that it's temporary, but not over-investing. You're going to stay pen-pals until at least a week after the move. So think about how much time you want to give to a pen-pal, and offer this connection only that much time.

Once he's moved, give him 2-3 days and then suggest a few days you're free, and even a suggestion of a place/event (especially if he doesn't know his new area well). If he doesn't confirm within the first week or so of moving, cut him loose.

You cannot force this. You cannot speed it up. What you can do is decide how much of your energy you're gonna give this connection between now and when he's moved.
Absolutely. They have issues. The one in my area is very closely moderated (often to the frustration of new members) but even still. 

However, there are also guys from online dating who are posted several times a month for cheating, stalking, stealthing, and all sorts of acts from really rude to greedy to outright violent. I absolutely suggest my friends on online dating be in that group to know who the repeat offenders in the city are. 

But if you look at all the posts — not just the juicy ones — most get nothing but a “Good luck!” Or even “I worked with him. He seemed cool.”

This is totally old school, analogue behaviour — the whisper network — in a digital space. The criticism I hear from women is all like yours (be critical of what you read, check for the big risks, not the whining) but too many men are just terrified someone will say something mean about them (as if they have never trash talked as ex or a hook up to their buddies) and don’t realize these networks exist because of a long-term systemic lack of safety for women.

A woman who writes the above just really, really hates other women, and still thinks perfect judgment can protect her from a skilled manipulator and abuser.
You might want to read some relationship books written more recently. Or by someone under 40. That sounds a bit regressive even for the 80s. 

We are socialized in gendered ways, sure, but this kind of bullshit does more harm than good when two individuals are trying to understand one another.
This man isn’t going to save you. 

He doesn’t see you as a serious, long-term partner and he isn’t willing to take the kind of risks or make the kinds of investments an adult often would, with a serious long-term partner. 

On top of all of that, you don’t trust him. He lies.

This man isn’t your safety. What’s worse, he made just be a distraction and an obstacle, keeping you from making other plans for yourself.
Ugh. I’m so sorry. I’m glad it sounds like you were able to keep yourself safe in the end.
It happened last summer in Ohio. 

Her rapist was arrested, and she was able to get the medical care she needed in Indiana. Her mother was advised the abortion wouldn’t be legal in Ohio under their “heartbeat law”
Women are also the default care givers for small children so many women needs the legal structure of a divorce to protect/care for any dependants.
I love these “She dumped me for no reason” stories! 

One ex said I dumped him for “getting a tattoo she didn’t like.”

He got that tattoo while wasted/high at a festival trip after promising me to stay sober and not make me play mommy. Instead, I spent the second day to checking every medical tent and then the local ER. I eventually found him, outta his mind in another ER, on IV fluids, without his passport or our train tickets home.

But sure, it was the ugly tattoo, not the 48 hours of terror and trauma followed by the cost of the hotel room and flight while I helped him sort his shit out with the embassy and hoped he wouldn’t get arrested.
I think there’s a lot of complex Intersectionality going on here and we can’t really tell you much about the patterns in your neighborhood’s or the ones you walk through. Their behaviour towards you could reflect biases in policing in the area, or their job/family businesses, or a dozen other things about the communities make up. 

I walk through sort of three distinct neighbourhoods to get to my office each day. And each of them presents unique risks, and people respond differently to me based on how I’m dressed. In one of them, dressing more affluently will make me invisible. In another it makes me a target. In one, wearing my more artsy queer coded clothes, makes me everybody’s friend. In another, really dirty looks and sometimes comments. 

I think most street harassment comes down to punishment for being conspicuous, for taking up space. A reminder from men they own the space and you’re just moving through it. “Taking up space” is it gonna look different in different neighbourhoods and at different times.
Even if it was true, how is “She should suffer with me, because I’m suffering.” a good outcome for anyone? If this were true, then the women in this situation are doing a beneficial bit of emotional and practical labour for them both by ending it.
Oh fuck yes! Graduation and entering the workforce is one of the biggest transitions of your life so far! Don’t underestimate the free-floating anxiety — totally reasonable uncertainty— that kind of moment brings. That’s stressful for the normies. Please do consider putting a few of the avoidable battles back on the shelf for the time being. Live to fight another day. I promise you it’ll pay off in the long run to be strategic about this personal development.
Notice how a shitty relationship, where you or your partner is miserable much of the time, seems to still be a rather _good deal_ for men.

It’s as if there is a great deal they benefit from in a partnership besides “being happy”, and for women there is very little to be gained by being partnered if you are unhappy.

The idea that women are more likely to leave a bad relationship is not an insult against women’s character. It just says something very sad about what men consider good enough and workable for themselves… especially when they are not the ones doing _the work_.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

She failed his test. The test to see how much she’d accept from him.

That is what triggered his explosion, when she said “Maybe I don’t want to accept this much…”

I agree OP was also testing, used passive aggression and needs to asset herself better — but that’s because then she wouldn’t waste three months with a man who wants to to play bullshit games. Not because she caused his verbal abuse and transparent attempts to manipulate her.
Exactly this!

He wasn’t confused. He was _tactical_. These are strategies that work for him. 

OP has plenty of flaws that make her an appealing target for this sort of man, and a partner in his toxic dance, but that doesn’t absolve him.
OPs response was imperfect — she’s a great target for his style of bullshit — but like I said: He knew exactly what manipulation he was engaging in at that moment. There was no reason to tell her about the text, or his response, except to test and trigger her.

He didn’t ask her because he cared, he asked her as part of the test. He was training her not to protest his behaviour, and learning how to best manipulate her. 

And when she failed the test, by beginning to question and stand up for her own needs and boundaries, he went on an overblown attack to threaten and coerce her into silence. 

Classic “all my exes are crazy” behaviour from this man.

Only thing to do is block him and move on. Any further contact will continue to bring out the worst in OP.
Fellow panic disorder here, and I completely relate to “If I didn’t challenge this, I’d do nothing.” I had to manage panic around things like, picking up the phone, learning to drive, and getting on planes… 

But if non-monogamy regularly triggered full blown panic, I wouldn’t do it. One of the most valuable tools I have is “Pick your battles… no, that is too many battles. Put some back. Pick like, two battles.” 

When I first started to really address my anxiety, I thought I had to fight and defeat all my demons. I put myself in a lot of unnecessarily triggering situations that actually made it harder to reach equilibrium and practice the skills, because I was constantly pressuring myself to perform under intense anxiety. When I stated to focus on the battles that were personally worth it to me, things really started to click. Driving, was 100% worth it. Getting on a boat? Absolutely not worth it. I can live a very full and rich life without boats. 

Maybe this is a battle you want to pick, but please give yourself some grace and make sure you’re really picking it because it’s a worthwhile one _for you_. And if it is, consider putting some of the other battles on the back burner for a while. Don’t try to everything all at once. Manage your energy and give yourself real recovery time. Time to recover and reflect is where you really firm up your tools and tactics. Otherwise you risk just burning yourself out.
Major, toxic fights in the first three months are a huge red flag. 

He doesn’t want to be a boyfriend. He wants to appear single, at least to his guy friends. He doesn’t care how that makes you feel. 

He’s 34, not 21. He’s not confused. He knows exactly how he was manipulating you and leaving you feeling insecure and begging for his commitment and transparency. Stay the fuck away from him. Block him, grieve it out, and move on with your life.
It’s actually rather cool. It’s a real thing, but the stupidest thing about this comment is that it was found largely to be fetal cells, like from their sons. So yes, they checked. It was that. 

Some studies have shown that up to 60% of women who have given birth to a son, retain some of his cells. It is naturally assumed they also retain their daughters cells but I haven’t seen studies for that in my admittedly shallowish reading. They have also found some cells of older siblings, in the younger ones. And obviously, twins. And blood transfusions. It’s just really not that big of a deal. 

This seems to be a myth that came up in 2017, based on a study of women with male children outta Seattle in 2012, but they decided to conflate the findings of “male DNA in the brain” with the idea that the women were promiscuous and the DNA was from multiple sex partners, instead of what they actually were: Women who had sons.
That’s worse. All of that is worse. 

He treated you at least as badly as her, but she had the sense to make the boundaries she needed for herself, and cut him loose. 

It also sounds like he _used you_ to try to emotionally manipulate her. While he was lying to you. 

This is so much worse.
Her: I’m trying to access a very basic prescription and also maybe not be maliciously imprisoned or murdered by the state. Any advice?

Him: _Shouts irrational insulting assumptions about her body and sexual pleasure into the void._
He’s not confused.

He’s tactical. You were convenient. He’s not capable of being alone.

He’ll make plenty of excuses for himself, and most of them will be lies. Don’t gaslight yourself. They are what _they do_. Not what they say.

And what he did was making himself available to his ex for your entire relationship. Not just “the first few months”. 9 months outta 10? That just means he hasn’t hit her up super recently. He never stopped.
I’d walk. 

This is his shit to overcome, and he didn’t. Probably won’t. 

But I’m his age. 

And he’s dating a woman over a decade younger then him because he assumes he can get away with this shit during her “benefit of the doubt” era. He might last until you hit your “Knows her worth era”. 

A man who is 35 and behaved like he did is not capable of being mentally health alone, which means he’s not capable of being with anyone else either.
4 year olds when they are called kiddo.

24 year olds when they are called kiddo.

Me when my friend since kindergarten calls me sis.

Me when my catty SIL does. 

It’s almost like context and intent matter in human communication!
This Guy: “You’re the real racist for not conforming to MY sexist and racist stereotypes about you!”
I would consider the friendship done.

His behaviour was horrible, and your response was… not productive, but it doesn’t really matter. 

Generally speaking, I wouldn’t keep a friend around who is clearly expressing a sense of entitlement to my sexual/romantic interest. And there is really no other rational interpretation here: He wasn’t defending white men in general. They are doing just fine and dating plenty of women are Asian decent, generally speaking. He was attacking you for not being a specifically available option to him. And that is someone you need to stay the hell away from, regardless of the racism angle.
It would encourage women to buy toys and cohabitate with one another, so as not to become a indentured servant. 

There would be less children, but possible a rush in sperm donors, because you’re making having children via sex even riskier that it already is.
Let spare a moment of shame for the guy who KEEPS TRYING TO GET HIM ON MIC. 

Best case senecio this random guy is going through some shit. Put the camera down and walk the fuck away. Stop encouraging this performance.
It’s normal for people to grow apart, especially at this stage of young adulthood.

There’s no going back. There is not much chance of fixing it if you’re this confused about what “it” even is, after this much silence and blocking drama.

Allow it to end. Grieve it out and move on.
Your daughter is currently being abused. Your ex is trying to estrange her from you with lies about her own criminal, violent, potentially fatal actions. That us lying, likely some gaslighting, and it's generally emotional abuse designed to isolate your daughter from you. 

Your daughter is *currently* the victim of emotional abuse. Do not forget that or gloss over it. That is what is happening here. While you do not have the legal power to stop it at this time, that is what is taking place. Your ex is actively abusing her.
Just keep persuing the parental order/custody agreement.

Speak to a lawyer about your choice not to pursue criminal charges. You should not have made that call without legal advice about how it would impact the custody situation. If you don't already have one, a lawyer will probably recommend a \\evaluation where a mental health professional will issue an opinion on whether or not you had a mental breakdown and/or false memory.

Document all acts of estrangement. Tell your ex you're only going to discuss parenting right now over email. Follow up with any in-person conversations with an email that says "As we discussed in person today..." Let her reply, in writing, that she didn't intend to say she asked you to lie and say you stabbed yourself.

You're not going to be able to repair your relationship with your daughter much further at this time. She is not going to be able to read and comprehend the police reports, medical reports, or protection orders for many years. Your daughter is 11 years old and all her basic survival needs are met by her mother. She's gonna side with her mother. It's just a basic human thing. That is where her safety and her food comes from. You're gonna be coasting for a few years.

You need to seriously reconsider your legal options in regards to the stabbing. You're not protecting your daughter if you are making it more difficult for her, in the future, to discern the truth about what happened. You're also not protecting your daughter, or anyone else around your ex, from further acts of violence.
You don't. You've already explained plenty. He had *actively chosen* not to understand, and ignore your boundaries.

You thought maybe you could be friends, but his further treatment of you proved that you could not. He wasn't friendly. He continued to be boundary-busting and manipulative.

You're not a therapist or a rehab centre for sad boys.

Expect him to continue to over-react, and be ready to re-enforce the boundaries that you're happy enough to hang out with him in a group, but you asked for the texts to stop. When they didn't, you stopped them.

Leave him blocked. You've communicated clearly.
You can divorce someone for any reason you'd like.

But I do think you need to calm down. If this is a hard boundary for you, discuss it with him. Ask for his agreement to stop. Express to him you are willing to consider divorce if he will not. 

But for my own sake, I find this behaviour immature, not a betrayal. It's just kinda ugly. Like a grown man having Swimsuit illustrated posters on his bedroom wall.
It is strange to me because “pumpkin spice” is a mix that humans have loved since the late 18th century, when we finally became globally connected enough to concoct it! There is even a bit of evidence of this spice mix as far as 3,500 years ago. Good things taste good! 

Most of us loved this before it was branded PSL.
In hand? Not pinned to the back of your head like 90s barrette?
Your boyfriend suggested something ***if it will make you feel less insecure.***

You need to work on your insecurities in therapy.

What he said was careless, not an insult. He fell into your baggage. You need to pick some of this shit up off the floor. It's a tripping hazard.

(And don't bleach your vulva. It's unhealthy.)
You cannot fix the situation, but saying "I know this sucks and it's a thing you need to get through that sucks..." will probably be validating.

Shitty things be shitty.

Sometimes the best help you can give someone when they are really in the dark part of it is is just agree: This is shitty. You feel shitty because it is shitty. Tell me how I can help you get through the shitty part.
First ask her what support she wants/needs.

Second, recognize she is having a totally valid emotional reaction to something that is 100% true:  The arts field is deeply unfair. That is hard to get a job and almost nothing pays well. There is a whole bunch of 'earning your shot' and 'being a team player' and 'paying your dues' that you can basically only afford to do if you come from money. And she was burnt out and dissatisfied in her last job. She feels lost because she is, that is a totally reasonable place for a person to be at 27. She's not broken. She's 100% normal. I know a hundred people who continued to work in the arts after this sort of period in their lives, and I know a hundred who left. Both choices are valid, but the choice will need to be made in time. 

Some short-term depression is not a completely unreadable response to the situation she's experiencing, especially when you stick a damn pandemic on top of it.

Do not say "She knew what she signed up for". Of course she did. She doesn't need you treating her like a child with that kind of comment, but she didn't know *how it would feel*.  She didn't know what the limits or stressors would be long-term. She didn't know she wouldn't like it and it wouldn't be worth it. She felt, reasonably, at one point in her life that she was making the best choices for herself. It is possible you could have found yourself having the same crisis of faith about your choices in IT, so don't be a condensing shit about it just because art was her previous choice. It wasn't a bad one. It just isn't working out.

Keep encouraging therapy because she deserves the support.

Don't encourage professional networking until she has a more concrete purpose/goal in mind.
To be able to hurt her back for no damn reason while her legs cramp and fall asleep, and wear mocha fraps in her hair? All while dreaming of doing battle with a poorly photoshopped North-American Kaiju? 

Also, I am deeply disappointed that they just grey-scaled the image of a rooter instead of at least picking a photo of a black one. Like, they come in black. Roosters come in black. Google "Black Rooster" dammit. Lazy shitposters.
From the little window we have here it does seem like he is incapable of offering her anything but negativity and harsh judgement. She may have told the group in an effort to pressure him to perform *as if* he was supportive and happy for her for at least a damn second...
Oh, to have the ego of a mediocre man who doesn't even think the posting rules apply to him. What I could have achieved in life with this oblivious and inflated sense of self-worth!
I think she is in the wrong, objectively, but you're not coming at this objectively. You're coming at this emotionally and trying to use a money agreement in the relationship to solve your unhappiness and money issues with a situation she is not in control of, your employment. I can understand why she would be upset when you frame this as financially punishing her because you hate your job... That it isn't what it is, but it's sure what you make it sound like.

You need to stop making assumptions about her savings, and you need to stop attacking this emotionally. Objectively, if that space is her office -- especially if she intends to get personal tax benefits or write offs for it -- then it's not part of your shared home. That's not about your budget, or your job. That is her being honest with herself, with you, and the IRS, about what her business costs to run and what resources it requires. It requires a room, just like it requires certain software or licenses. It's a business expense, not a relationship one. It belongs to business, not to you or to her personally. The business needs to be renting that room. The business owner, needs to pay. That isn't about the boyfriend/girlfriend agreement. That's about the business owing money it's not paying. 

And you need to be seriously looking for other work. She may be unfair and maybe you should break up, but generally speaking it's also not fair to be constantly at your partner because you're miserable and not doing anything to fix that for yourself.
I wouldn't want to be married to either of you.

Yelling is unacceptable to me.

However, so are constant accusations. Especially public, drunken ones.

What you are doing isn't "being insecure". We're all a bit insecure! You sound like you have long ago crossed the line into emotionally abusing your husband.

Most people will not accept emotional abuse forever, without snapping. Snapping might look like yelling, but it can also look like withdrawing, running away or sobbing hysterically. People break under that kind of treatment long-term. They just do. It's called reactive abuse. If he we were here asking for him, I'd be telling him he probably needs to leave you before you bring out the worst in him and his behaviour gets worse, because you are unlikely to seriously change yours. 

Stick with the therapy and discuss this incident there, in the context of your behavior towards him.
If you need to discuss how costs are split in you relationship, you have to do that *before* you agree to go and pay for the ticket. 

You're not wrong, but you made a mistake not discussing the impact of this wedding trip on your budget before you agreed to go. 

If you do speak to him about this, start there: I made a mistake. I should have told you before we booked that this was more than I could comfortably spend.
I wish I hadn't bothered tho. This guy's posting history is a nightmare. Before it was complaining his wife wasn't communicative enough with only the most weak-ass arguments she'd done anything at all wrong, and right here we're seeing *exactly why* his wife has learned not to speak to him. 

Even when the information is *totally banal* he takes the opportunity to shit on her instead of supporting her.
So he doesn't believe in being accountable to other human beings, and honest about his commitments?

You're 25 and pregnant. You need to wake the hell up.
You're trying to make it complicated, because you don't like the simple truth. Everyone else gets it just fine. He definitely gets it. You're the one who doesn't want too. 

He's doing exactly what he wants.

If he wanted to be at those appointments, he would be.

If he wanted to be dating you, he would be.

He doesn't. 

And he probably never will. 

Stop trying to fix it and start learning to live with him as a co-parent.
Agreeing not to fuck other people is not the same as being a partner.

Same answer: He's not your partner.

It's not stable with him. He's not offering you that. He is doing exactly what he wants, and he doesn't want to be your support in this. 

The longer you imagine you can turn him into either a good partner or a good parent the harder it will be for you to move forward with your life as a mother, and as a human being.

I'm sorry you're not ready for that reality. Sooner you get there the better off you'll be.
>I just don’t want to break up with him.

It's a "situationship". By definition, you are *not* together. 

>We have a rocky relationship but we want to do better for our daughter.

Great! You need to realize the best you can do, probably doesn't include dating one another. 

> I wanna start by finding a way to have him go to the baby appts mkre

You cannot turn him into either a good partner or a good parent. He's gonna be who he wants to be and you need to make your peace with that.
Dude, you were *absolutely* implying that she was incompetent and that you didn't trust her research/judgment call. Despite the fact this was an ongoing issue for her and you knew she'd taken previous steps.

You may really think you didn't intend it, but intention actually isn't everything. What you atually did, was shitty. And her emotional response to being treated that way was predictable and reasonable. 

It is a damn small thing, and you were a self-absorded ass about it.

Got to be honest with you, if I was opening the garage by hand for a single week my partner would have declared that unacceptable, and built a plan to correct that situation before I even got around to it...

You should apologize and do better. Treat her like the competent adult she is and don't expect her to struggle with a daily task *for months* just because it doesn't impact you and then throw shade when she says it's time to resolve the issue. Sesh. You're 35. This is rather basic courtesy and empathy. It is not rocket-science.
I think you feel like a single mom because you are one. 

Stop the situationship. Just be co-parents. 

He's not your partner. He's not the partner you want. He's just your co-parent and you can't force him to be a good parent, you can only give him opportunities to be one. 

The longer you imagine you can turn him into either a good partner or a good parent the harder it will be for you to move forward with your life as a mother, and as a human being.
Let it go and focus on being co-parents.

She doesn't sound all that more toxic than you to be perfectly honest.

Go be better with someone else, and find some grace when it comes to the woman who is the mother of your child. Your animosity over her sex life is pointless and counter-productive. You may not be able to create a home with her and your son, but you can create a co-parenting relationship where you butt the hell out of exes' sex life and focus on just being a parent, and not fixating on your role as jilted or resentful ex.
You probably want to begin by trying to connect with an individual therapist (not a couples therapist) to get you a place to talk through the particulars and make some thoughtful choices. 

You want to leave the house, and in the short term, that is probably a good idea but you may want to speak to a lawyer if you're concerned about how that impacts your legal standing. Staying close by would definitely be wise, and maintaining regular contact and support for the children. 

If it doesn't matter where you live, then you live near were your children are right now. That is the default. 

I don't know where you are living, but you should recognize it takes way more than a night in jail to stop you from seeing your children. The child have a right to know you and have access to you, and no court is throwing that r*ight of the children* away over a verbal fight. Catastrophizing isn't going to help you here. What is going to help you is focusing on being a present and available parent. That should be the foundation of your decisions. 

But get some distance (in the short-term), and some support from an individual therapist and a lawyer.
>He definitely wants to fix it.

If this has been your whole relationship and he's never spoken to a therapist, or sought a sliding scale or a free support group, or read a damn self-help book from the library, then he doesn't really want to fix it. He wants to *seem like* he wants to fix it so you'll continue to tolerate it.

You're both benefiting in some way from this unhealthy dynamic and you both need to admit it to yourself and eachother.
He needs to realize this has to be fixed. If he wants a healthy relationship with anyone, ever, and certainly if he wants to marry you.

He may hate this about himself, but as long as he tolerates it about himself it has the impact of guilting and silencing his partner.

You can't remedy this for him. He has to do it for himself, and for you.
This was my ex too.

I tried desperately to point out that he'd reply with "No..." as the first word out of his mouth, even when I was 99% correct. Or if had just used a word/term he deemed 'less accurate' then the one in his head. 

He expected me to make all the effort to make myself understood, but not to have to put himself out for a second to try and understand.
I wouldn't. I would text him after I post it.

Conversation can evolve from there, or not. 

Make sure you know the policy at your company, but if there is no risk of a direct reporting issue, this is just a question of mutual interest.
I'd start by asking if she's changed her mind about porn.

The deception *is a major* problem, but struggling with a change of opinion on a loaded topic like porn, can be very different than a hypocrisy or betrayal. Unless you're in a race toward divorce, your best path forward is an open conversation about porn and frame it as an upsetting and confusing, but valid, change in her choices and opinions, and not a personal attack.

You saw what you saw. You're confused. And more than a little hurt.

Try to put aside your assumptions about what she thinks, or how she feels, or even how often she's engaging with. Try to approach the conversation as an opportunity to reset the understanding about porn and just porn. (It's possible she might still think it's wrong and be disgusted with herself, which would also account for her physical withdrawal from you.)

If she struggles to be forthcoming, recommend couples counselling urgently, to help moderate this important conversation. Don't spend too much time banging your own head against the wall and fixating on the betrayal.
Go back to therapy and figure out what kind of relationship, if any, you'd like to have with your mother and what steps you need to get there. That could absolutely include cutting her off, or minimizing contact. 

It's totally valid to feel like you do, and it's really mature and wise of you to be able to recognize that your mother has changed and is making efforts. You don't have to feel bad. You're clearly trying to be fair to her and the person she is today, but that doesn't mean your feelings are totally valid. Be fair to yourself too and get some more support for this stage.
TBH, I often forget this is criminal in the places where most Redditors live.

A few times I've given advice like "That's not something you can reasonably expect from a match/hook up. You're looking for a very specific *service*, and you should be hiring someone and tipping well." and completely been oblivious to the fact I was suggesting a crime.
You cannot control how he feels.

You can tell him you're concerned, that's fair, but don't get into specifics.

You're concerned he's stressed out, and overworked. You're concerned he won't accept advice, or listen to doctors on the best way to manage his pain or his diet.

Don't assume you have the answers. Don't be your mother's little helper. Speak for yourself and admit you're worried. You want better for him than he seems to be choosing for himself and as someone who loves him, that makes you sad.
You're a piggy bank for a man who hid his child from you for four months.

The fact he's an unreliable dad isn't something you can fix for him. 

Being a reliable parent means *showing up*. He cannot do that without the financial support of the new GF *he lied to*. 

You made the first right decision. The second right decision is removing this person from your life.
But she thinks your lusting after your sister. However wonderful you think you ex is, that is what she thinks of you. She thinks at best, you lack boundaries, and at worst, that you are incestuously obsessed with your sister! 

That really should be insulting and offensive enough to help you get past this.

Your ex has shown you who she really is. She's possessive and jealous and willing to make up *extremely* offensive insults in the attempt to isolate you from your sister and her kids.
You cannot fix crazy.

Your problem is that you're trying to fix crazy.

And why would you want to date someone ignorant and stubborn? Really...

Your *ex-*GF has decided to believe something absurd and offensive about you. You're never going to reason her out of it. You shouldn't be trying to work through it. You should be removing someone who thinks such irrational and hateful things about you from your life.
You need to stop. Seek therapy.

It is extremely unlikely this man was going to pick you, if you'd just agreed to go home with him after the first date. That's not realistic. It's a fantasy story you're telling yourself just to beat up on yourself. You keep shifting the details but the core of it remains true: He met someone else.

It is a good idea to be upfront up walking to book a second date with someone you're into, but that probably wouldn't have change the outcome here. 

He connected more with someone else. 

It's just a rejection. It's a normal part of dating.

The way you are behaving here on Reddit suggests you are not ready to be dating and handling normal rejection as part of that process. Stop fixating. Speak to a therapist.
Stop supporting and start laying down some expectations.

If he's not a jealous person, then the way he is treating you (and N) is irrational and unkind.

That drunken attack was not acceptable. He doesn't need to be coddled, he needs to be told this isn't an acceptable way to deal with whatever he's feeling.

You have been nothing but open to working with him on this, but he continues to make it *your problem* to live with his shitty attitude and random accusations, followed by gaslighting-eseque denials. It's not kind to you. It's not respectful of you. He needs to do better because this is a shitty way to treat your partner who is very, very willing to adapt this friendship to address your feelings. 

Stop trying to be his therapist, and tell him to get his damn ass to an actual one if he's experiencing intense feelings he cannot speak with you honestly about.
You're incompatible.

And she basically said she feels she needs too (and is entitled too) *financially punish you* in order to stop you from becoming lazy? Why does she want to marry you if she thinks that you need to be threatened with higher costs in order to perform and set goals? Yuck.

But honestly, the even bigger long-term issue here is disagreements about parenting, like the importance of private schooling. If the rest of this doesn't scare you, that should *terrify* you. That disagreement is going to harm the children. 

She's told you she is going to be constantly chasing status and making comparisons between your family (you) and everyone else's family. If don't share that 'keeping up with the Jones' mentality and want to spend big to keep up public appearances, then you're signing up for misery.

Also, she's way too old to be this much of a brat.
Don't do this.

Use the letter to sort out your thoughts, but then, if you really need to express these thoughts to him and have decided to take the risk, do it face-to-face.

Whatever the outcome, you'll feel far, far more confident and at peace with it if you do it face to face. I promise. It's scarry to do things the right way, to get a clear answer, but that's the better path, and believe it or not, if you're gonna get rejected, it'll hurt less that way.

If you cannot face this risk, in person, then you shouldn't be taking the risk at all.
He's not a faithful man. He never has been.

Can you be secure and healthy with someone you cannot reasonably expect to be faithful to you?

You are being naive. These are not "challenges". This is him making choices. Major changes in character and in core choices are rare, and they have to be internally motivated. Unless he has explained clearly why he has changed his choices moving forward, for himself and the life he wants for himself, and not just to appease you, there is no reason to believe he will not choose what he feels perfectly entitled to choose: Which is to engage with sex workers and lie to you about it.

You're 23. You got a hell of a lot more life left. I wouldn't recommend wasting any more of it on this one.
Nothing about that ran out as rhetorical to me. If it was an attempt to persuade OP of anything else except that you believed her to be held culpable for being emotionally abused and manipulated for years, it was not well stated...
>Yet here you are. Claimed it was a joke to brush it off. As if not trying to get him mad at you for lying to you. Thats pretty wild, and makes no sense.

It makes perfect sense for someone in an eight-year partnership, who is used to being silenced, lied to and made deliberately distressed. You stop responding reasonably to the manipulation and abuse because "reasonable" responses to it, never stopped the behaviour in the past. You get confused. Direct communication feels impossible. That is *the goal* of this kind of abuse. To make it feel impossible and pointless to respond in the reasonable ways -- with legitimate anger or clear boundaries -- that you assume OP should. It doesn't happen overnight, it's not all OP's fault. They cannot fix him by being better. Their responses to being abused are flawed, but very human. This is the kind of flaws that ongoing abuse will bring out in most of us.

This isn't enabling. This is the misfiring of survival instincts and toxic coping techiniques, after years married to an emotional abuser.

It doesn't get better for OP until OP gets out.
You're supposed to leave the man who is either so conflict adverse he is unwilling to admit when he hasn't done something, or so maliciously and gaslighting abusive that he takes pleasure in manipulating you and making you suffer.

This is a big deal. He's acting more like an unhinged prison guard, than a partner. 

At some point, it stops mattering if he does this because he is weak and fearful and cannot admit when he has failed to do something, or if he does this because he takes pleasure in abusing you. The end result is the same.
He's a game-playing numbnut divorcee who wants to be chased, even as he's telling you that he is not available to be caught. He wants to feel desired by you, and others, without actually having to offer anything of himself or do any of the hard work of being more than just 'nice'. 

Just end contact. There is nothing here for you but drama.
So, all these people like each other more than they like you.

Which sucks for you, but isn’t a fight you can win. There is not “letting” these adults make their own choices. There is only you deciding what relationships you still want to be in. 

It’s not your flat. You’re not on the lease. These other people (the “subletter” and your girlfriend) were invited by the person who does lease the flat. You didn’t do them an act of kindness. It wasn’t yours to give to them. 

The core issue here is that your GF doesn’t want to move in with you when you return. She’s not prioritizing living with you. That’s plenty of reason to decide the relationship cannot or should not continue, but this narrative you have about other people taking advantage of you or victimizing you is nonsense. They disappointed you is all. You had a room in someone else’s house and that someone else has invited others instead. 

If you don’t want to continue with your GF, don’t. But drop the rest of this bullshit.
I'd consider it a rather serious red flag if a man used the word "emasculating" at me, in anger, because I had achieved personal success or experienced personal stress. Both of these are human things. 

He's telling you he thinks his achievements and his stress and carry more meaning than yours. Because he's a guy and you're a girl. This is a serious issue. 

You need to stop building him up about his career, and instead tell him plainly that he is not entitled to *rip you down* because of his own twisted ideas about women and men, or his own negative feelings. He needs to manage his feelings without explosions of anger, or gendered insults. Those behaviors should be dealbreakers. 

Emasculating is not a word he should be using, or even thinking, when it comes to your career path or achievements.
Yeah. I don't get it.

My parents are rather happily married for 40 years. They are both basically good people, but they described their vows as 'sincere, workable wishes', which is the best way I think you can look at it and something I practice with my partner now. It's not a prison sentence. It's a promise to work hard, and work first, at this shared wish. And also to stop working and go on wishing the best for one another, if we find no amount of effort means we can stay in the partnership without being miserable!
Yeah. So... **“Friends” speak once, and then hold their peace, or remove themselves.**

That is how you deal with a serious concern about a friend's choice in partner, respectfully.

And I'll happily agree, for the second time, **they may be toxic and we can’t know.**

I don't think you're being the critical thinker you imagine you are.

But you do seem to be reflecting a common bias, where a body you find undesirable is immediately associated with behaviour or personality you assume is undesirable as well. There is nothing here that suggests OP is an unreliable narrator. While that is certainly possible, there usually are tells. I don't see any and you haven't pointed any out.

Your interpretation took way more assumptions than mine did.

All mine hinged on was the fiance not speaking up for his own choice to be with OP clearly to his friends... That's a pretty defensible take, whether we completely accept OP's reasoning or not. **Fiancé should still be standing up for his own choices — even if those choices are mistakes.**

You really should consider why *your story -*\- the one where OP must be toxic and the friends nobbling defending him from her *--* is the one you felt compelled to tell, and doubled down on. Because it didn't require critical thinking or skepticism, it required a rather fallacious-seeming leap.

The devil has plenty of advocates already, and playing one doesn't actually make you seem interesting or insightful. It just makes you sound like a motivated reasoner.
Why do you want to imprison this man with a wife who resents him and doesn't want to be with him? It's not like that's a great deal *for him* either. If OP isn't able to willing to change the shared goals and expectations she has, then he deserves to be free of her just as much as she deserves to be free of him. 

And do you think people didn't walk away from their partners constantly in the previous centuries, due to poverty or illness? 'Cause they did. In droves. Sometimes with a bit of social shaming, but far less than you might imagine. Men more than women, which is not a comment so much on men's general character, as it is their power and agency to leave a undesirable situations and seek greater comfort and convenience elsewhere.

It's so funny how individualism went awry just the time as when women achieved the most basic human rights and the ability to leave situations they found intolerable...
No. We don't get to dictate how others deal with objects or memories from experiences that were traumatic or abusive.

OP can absolutely bring his feelings and needs forward, but she doesn't have to do this "because the ex was abusive". If anything, the fact he was abusive may contribute to her connection to objects that represent the positive aspects of the relationships (because all abusers have some positive traits at times, that is how they entrap).
It does to me.

But also, these are very stupid and desperate criminals.
“Unlike the magic power to declassify documents by looking at them. He retained that until the very last second… and then some… yes.  “
I’d recommend these things get put away in a drawer, and from there, you “suck it up”.

Not because your feelings are irrational, but because grief — especially grief and processing after long term abuse — are super fucking complicated. 

You can ask her to do this work for you, and your comfort. That fair if it’s a thing you really need and boundaries you need to revisit, but I’d recommend you not force the issue. She’s very likely to let go of more in time, but two years after seven of abuse is not full processing time for most people.

She’s probably not holding onto _him_. She’s preserving the story of her own life.
You shouldn’t stay in a relationship you don’t want to be in.

Your husband needs to stop getting/seeking/staying at jobs where he is either not able to succeed, or his work ethic doesn’t line up with expectations. 

“Becoming successful” is not a reasonable expectation. If that is what you need, it’s probably time to walk away. Go date someone who already is. 

“Becoming stable, reliable, and less miserable” should be the shared goal and expectation of him, if you’re going to stay. That may include a major change of industry and/or changes in expectations about how he will contribute.
Laugh.

And then hopefully wake up from the strange dream where my partner and my father are not both rational and civil men who can resolve disagreements and do not order me around like a dog.
We always just have OPs pov, they are frequently manipulating the internet for validating responses. Do you jump in on every thread to remind us of that fact? Or just the ones where you suspect the “fat-card”? 

Look, if you think it’s not very probable that a group of people have deemed someone unworthy primarily due to their weight I do not know what universe you’re living in, cause it ain’t the one I inhabit.

I’ve happily agreed they may be toxic and we can’t know, but you seem to need more than that. You should ask yourself why.
“Friends” speak once, and then hold their peace, or remove themselves. 

They don’t speak about another persons body or level of perceived hotness as being a “huge mistake”

While it’s possible these two are poorly matched or toxic, there is nothing here to suggest it, and fiancé should still be standing up for his own choices — even if those choices are mistakes.
Does it matter?

>Most of the time he kept talking about his friends/family/coworkers and exes and only asked about 3 questions about me the entire time,

and

>I was like "no i dont kiss on the first date" and we kept talking about it untill he leaned in and kissed me.

This man is a boundary-busting, self-absorbed asshat who is not relationship material.

Unless you're just looking to get laid, move on. Frankly, even if you are, probably want to be moving on. A man that self-absorbed and indirect in his communication is a coin flip. Odds are not great he's a fun lay anyways. A guy who *asks you nothing about yourself*, is rather unlikely to get you off. 

Don't so be desperate to be picked by somebody that you chase after selfish little shits who basically ignore you as a person. Realize you get to do the picking too -- and then put this one back on the pile. Unless the earring is worth a small fortune, let it go along with this guy.
I think the real issue here is your fiance is refusing to *stand up for himself* with the people he calls friends. Which is sad, for him. And it limits your life together.

Basically, he needs better friends (or, to tell these friends they are *expected* to be better or to GTFO).
No. You probably shouldn't.

You should be speaking to a therapist about how to best move forward in your own life.

You still haven't sorted out the difference between her doing something wrong, and her doing something that disappointed you.

You're not expressing all that much love for her as a person, but for the role you have cast her in, and are frustrated she is no longer consenting to perform.

You're not owed a certain number of chances. And your family, as you previously envisioned it, doesn't "need to be back together". That is your preference. Not a fact of the universe. She doesn't have to agree. She doesn't agree.

These attitudes all make it extremely unlikely that you've done the work you need to be an independent and reliable adult. And even if you had done that work, she might *still* not want to reconcile. Because you're not owed a certain number of chances. She can just choose not to be in a marriage she doesn't want to be in, and she has.

Take these thoughts and feelings to a therapist. They do need to be addressed, but not by your ex-wife.
Your mother is dating an asshole. And what is worse, she knows it and she appears to have quietly approved of his behaviour. She 'warned you', when she should have said 'If you are verbally abusive to my son in your/his workplace, I will dump your childish ass.'

Don't talk to him. He's not relevant to you and if you're in a union situation you should *seriously* consider reporting him for threatening your workday/income because he's pissed off you didn't buy him a meal.

Tell your mother, kindly but firmly, that your invites do not include him unless you explicitly include him. You need to avoid these misunderstandings in the future by being clear if he is coming or not.
Even if he isn't cheating on you... this isn't okay.

If he's not cheating on you, then he's trying to *punish you*, for forgetting to pay your bill during your time of crisis and grief. 

You don't need proof he's cheating to get the fuck rid of him over this.
A person who tells you they are *sooooooo* nice, and *sooooooo* loyal and *no one else* will treat you as well as they will is a completely trash person.

Do not make peace with this.

Do not marry this man.

This is a major warning sign.

He will abuse you.

Then he will tell you it's your own fault while declaring all other men are *worse* abusers than he is. Which is a lie he tells so he gets what he wants. He wants to abuse you.
Why not just block him? That's perfectly acceptable, and very clear response. 

And if not that, then you tell him to stop.

"Dude. That sounds flirty. I don't like it. Cut it out." 

If he denies it or pretends it's not or it's no big deal, don't argue with him, just say "Good. I'm glad that's not what you meant. Cut it out anyways. I don't like it. Thanks."
It's a bad idea to date someone in their 20s.

The age gap should bother you more than it bothers her, and it should motivate you to make a responsible, respectful choice based on your life experience.

To answer your questions generally: I think dealbreakers prior the first date should be short and sweet and cover the really big things. (Guns, Religion, Sex before marriage, (and Abortion), Vegan Diets if that is a big one for you. Those sorts of *biggies*). The conversation about "What could a relationship look like? How much time will we spend together and where? How do you see a relationship with your children developing?" is a conversation you have after 2-3 pleasant dates and you both agree you want to continue to see one another.
I mean, it sounds like the guy is a sexist asshat you should reduce your time with.

It's okay to decide not to invest in friendships with people if you don't like how they treat you, or others.

Stop being a bystander. It's gross. if you're not going to call him out, at least step away from him.
You're not. 

You are not 5-year-olds call dibs on the best ball as the bell rings. 

You treated her like a human being. 

He's treating you like a competitor in a sport where she is the favourite big red ball and he can't figure out how to 'dibs' her. 

Keep her friendship. Reconsider his.
She wasn't that into you.

You were into her, and kept hoping/imagining she felt the same. 

Maybe she kinda liked you at some point, but then she didn't. 

There is no problem here. Just a normal disappointment. 

The only thing you're doing wrong is refusing to accept this as a totally normal bit of normal human disappointment. Most of the people you like aren't gonna like you back.
You're both being absurd and kinda gross.

This woman has told you she's not available for new connections at the moment.

He doesn't give a fuck. He thinks this is a game to be won, not a bunch of human people with feelings and free choices. And you're acting like he 'bought her' by driving you around and being your friend. That is also pretty gross.

Opt out of this bullshit. When he makes passive-aggressive comments tell him he's being kinda *unfriendly* over this shit and to cut it out. Be a bro, not a whiny brat. You value his friendship, but if he's gonna act like a 5th grader who called 'dibs' on a girl who *told him she isn't single* anyways, it's gonna damage respect between you two as adult human beings.

If you don't want to keep speaking her, then don't, but this isn't about who falls in love more: This is about not surrounding yourself with men who treat women as trophies and you as the competition. It's toxic AF. It's not friendly.
When I see “No Drama” my brain immediately translates it to “I am the drama. I bring the only permissible drama!”

“No drama” is the poor cousin of “All my exes are crazy”. I wouldn’t say is guarantees gaslighting — that term is getting super inflated— but it does mean they seek out and create toxic dynamics and at very best lack self-awareness.
Yeah. 

And you won’t die ‘cause you can’t afford insulin or chemo or got in a car crash, and your family won’t loose the house and/or all their savings trying to keep you alive. 

Everyone on the planet who gets this deal would fucking _go to war_ against the US if they tried to export your the idea of “a tiny bit less taxes but everything else is way fucking worse and only the millionaires benefit.” 

I literally do not know how so many Americans wake up each day knowing they are one ER visit away from total financial ruin.
Tell me you’re an adult man who wants a mommy without te… nm fuck it
You are loved and awesome.

He was telling a story, telling a lie, because his ego couldn’t accept the rejection. He couldn’t handle the consequences for his bad behaviour. He needed to tell a story where you unworthy of him, so he didn’t have ti address the fact he was clearly, objectively unworthy of you. 

It’s been years since I broke up with my ex and some of his nasty stories about me still slip into my life, telling me I’m unworthy, or I’m greedy, or I’m dumb. I’m shocked how many years later I’m fighting his narratives even though they were lies then and they are definitely lies now. 

Your brain it trying to make sense of someone you cared for and were vulnerable with, telling you such terrible lies. 

You end all contact. You keep reminding yourself these were self-serving lies that had everything to do with his weakness and hatefulness, and nothing to do with you as a person.
Honestly the best thing to do is leave these conversations. I tell them to Google “motivated reasoning” and then go touch grass.

It’s not a data argument to begin with. No data scientist would take these with anything short of a 10lb bag of street salt. That’s not even what “average” means. This was a data-as-marketing for paid dating apps a decade ago, apps that are selling a product to predominately straight men by convincing them they require a paid advantage. 

Marketing departments make graphs all the time that I roll my eyes at and say “Well, that is technically not a lie.” That’s all that is happening here.
Are we talking “Oh that 18 year old has great emotional regulation, expresses boundaries clearly while also being empathetic to those around her.”

Or do we mean “She’s a free baby sitter and chauffeur for younger siblings and isn’t that’s a great perk for her parents!”

There are definitely ways to praise young women for being mature or wise that reflect their individual strengths and not their usefulness/submission to others.
Irrelevant. 

This would be a bit funny from a 21 one year old, but it’s embarrassingly stupid from a man his age who _wants to be a parent_.

If UBI does happen (ha!) and AI takes over significant parts of our world, school will change a lot, but children will still need to be _educated_ in order to be people we want to share the world with, and maybe even live fulfilling lives.
Its pretty obvious this man just wanted you to shame her into handing the child _over to you_, and then you would be responsible for the care of him and the child.

Glad you escaped. I’d suggest you be very, very skeptical of anything he ever told you about her, whatever her struggles are now, clearly when they were together she had two babies to take care of. And one of them was a resentful and manipulative shit of a 450-months old,
I would not date a man who thought it was _my job_ to sort out his parenting and custody issues with his ex. That’s insane. 

He was being a shitty parent and trying to coerce you into doing the job for him. This terrible attitude towards responsibility and work (likely, his assumptions about women’s work) was going to continue.

If he had won custody, you’d have basically been single parenting that infant. Can all but promise it. Breaking up over his lack of responsibility and blame-shifting was completely wise, and not at all petty.
Then start with your OBYGN or a standard therapist and ask for a referral. 

If you're serious about these concerns, address them seriously. Addressing them seriously is not going to happen on Reddit.
33 isn't an "older father". Those studies usually begin at 35 to 40. 

You should be talking to a doctor. Not Google. Not Reddit. And not a sociopath.
I think trying to round your "hall pass" up into polyamoury, before speaking to your wife, is toxic as fuck. Swinging is completely and utterly different from poly. Most swingers will be the very first to tell you that -- and makes me perfectly comfortable expecting better from this man. He's not a novice. He should have the basics down. So trying to build "a new relationship" outside of the marriage *for weeks* without speaking to his wife, that's taking it past poor communication about boundaries, into a realm I'd consider manipulative and coercive.

I say this as a practicing ENM person who has seen a lot of well-intentioned people mess it up. *This* is not a mess up I could assume was well-intentioned. Experience has taught me that. People who really want to take good care of all their partners and relationships, aren't this stupid. *This* mess up, would mean both of these people are outta my life forever. They are not safe or reliable.

I'm not a fan of keeping such an open mind that one's brain falls right out. The best I'll give this man he was *very conveniently confused,* and when someone's confusion is that convenient to them and what they want for themselves, trust is severely damaged.
If I heard “hall pass” I’d assume it was a one-time hook up thing. So yeah, hit it and quit it. (And, I probably wouldn’t want to participate in that. Sounds dicey and not what I’d want in an ENM encounter.)

But I really don’t know what a hall pass was in _this marriage_, and neither does OP, and apparently neither did these two. Thats kind of the whole problem and it’s not OPs problem.
So this “Chad” was a sorta awkward and totally age-appropriate teenage boyfriend, right?
No one dates someone 20 years younger then them by accident, or because they are looking for a relationship with and equal, rooted in mutual respect.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

You don’t seem to be open to advice.

It’s reasonable for your GF to not want to marry you and live with your Mom. It’s reasonable for her not to want to marry someone who is planning on financially supporting his mother for the rest of her life. 

It is strange that you find this surprising, and it’s only coming up now. 

This isn’t insecure — a bit sexist maybe, but not insecure. This is a reasonable boundary. You should halt all plans, and probably break up, if you plan on financially supporting, or living with, your mother for the rest of her life.

Outside of very conservative upbringings, very few women are going to sign up to marry you under those terms.
No. Absolutely not. You are not required to make yourself of service to this messy, toxic man or his wife. You are completely correct: This is not yours to fix. Why are you still in contact *with either of them*? There is nothing for you to gain from that. 

This is not your circus, not your monkeys. If he violated their relationship agreement, that is the two of them to sort out. It has nothing to do with you.

If you feel like you want to do her this huge emotional service and massive favour, invite her to contact you via email with her questions, and you stick to factual responses (ie, not about what you felt, but about timelines and what information you received when.)

But even that, I would not do. If these two are at war with one another, there is no good outcome for you if you go wandering out in the middle of the battlefield. I'd advise you to end contact entirely with both of them.
I mean this with respect and compassion but... You need to go touch grass.

You're giving over *way too* much of yourself to this, and twisting this into stories just to get down on yourself. Stop trying to place those high-school pick-me dramas into this. That's not what's going on here.

Your hurt feelings over this make sense for a few minutes, but this is all a bit much. Don't wallow. Don't fixate. She wasn't into you. She *probably* wasn't into you for something causal either. Let it go.
A woman who plans to have somewhere to be after the date, doesn't plan to have sex with you. Be sure. This all adds up to "Not that into you".
Honestly, women in their 40s are well aware of that stigma and *they will tell you* if they are into something casual with you. If she did not, odd are very good she was not.
You need to relax and let them know which dishes you need to access, and that you are not able to reach X, Y and Z in the position they were moved too. Ask they be moved back, or that you take a look together. 

You'll be fine. It's fine to ask for things you use frequently to be stored at a height you can access safely.
You can feel how you feel but she didn't do anything wrong.

You know this is about your insecurities, and instead of taking it so personally, you should be taking this as clarity: She was correct. You were not compatible as dating partners. You were not looking for the same thing. 

If you really want to *be her friend*, then you can mention to her that he considers himself "red-pilled" and suggest she Google what that means before she wastes too much energy.

But you also don't have to be friends if you're not happy being her friend, which may involve being aware, or even seeing, her connect with someone else.
You don't trust him. Don't fuck someone you don't trust.

It's not complicated. You're not as compatible as you had previously thought you were. Just end it.
Two hours on the phone is a long time for adults with full lives. 

If you're doing that several times a week I'm not surprised she's not "On" the whole time and that it's not that satisfying. 

LDRs are tough, but you need to focus on the kinds of connection (and length!) that fuels that relationship, not the kind that just checks the box of 'we talked today'.
You mean, your *ex-*boyfriend right?

This is not rocky. This is *risky*.

This is not just disrespectful behaviour. It's *dangerous*.

This is not about him "getting off" even. This is about him taking sexual pleasure in deceit and violation of you and of other women.

This isn't about you, or your body. This is about the fact he likes lying and ripping women down generally. This is what he does. This is who he is. That is what you can put your trust in: You can trust, 100%, that this guy likes to shame, insult and lie. So he will do that. 

The quicker you get away from him, the quicker you can start to heal.
This is sexual assault. He's dangerous.

He is going to "lose control" again because he feels entitled to use your body this way without your consent. Take your bags. Leave. Never come back.

Unless you want to end up having a baby with your rapist, because staying in this relationship will almost certainly lead you to being bound to him forever by the baby you have after he rapes you.
No. Dude. Quit it. Take that venting to the therapist. Your ex was an abusive monster. No one is debating that or ignoring the impact it had on you and your family, but that actually isn't the issue today.

The issue today is your current partner isn't behaving up to snuff in a home with your children full-time and isn't prepared to do any of the work to improve the situation, and your brillant plan appears to be treating her like a convenient income for the next four years or so, and then see how you two feel about each other.

She'll probably hate you by then. If someone treated you like nothing but a financial crutch, tell me you wouldn't.

Get your kids, and yourself, the mental health support you can, and seriously reconsider your ability to remain in the district without remaining in this relationship. I'm not saying you have to leave, but you and your partner both need to realize that is reality and a possibility. That is the only way to "untrap" yourselves it to be willing to seriously contemplate life apart -- and then either choose to do the work to stay together, or not.
Dude. Just no.

This isn't ethical-non-monogamy or 'openness'. This is just *drama.* And you didn't even want opennesses to begin with. 

At best she's confused and not emotionally available for a serious relationship. At worst, she lacks self-awareness and basic consideration to the point that makes her manipulative or even malicious.

Just no.
Your "amazing partner" didn't want you to full-time parent your own kids, and now you can't leave a relationship you're all miserable in because you feel (perhaps correctly) that you cannot afford to. 

Pretty obvious why no one feels secure, or particuarly loved, in this situation.

Get your kids, and yourself, the mental health support you can, and seriously reconsider your ability to remain in the district without remaining in this relationship.
Part of fully acknowledging that what you did was wrong, is accepting the consequences.

The consequences are that you are not welcome. You don't always get another chance. It doesn't matter if the other person is shitty, or if you think you deserve it. It doesn't always happen. And frankly, do you really want it too? These people are insane and the brought out the worst possible behaviour in you. A sane person would stay the fuck away from them and not try to seek their approval. 

Your BF needs to figure out how he balances his time. It feels complicated, but it's actually not any more practically complicated than that. Accept, have some grace, ask for the time you need, and respect that he still values some time with these friends.

Hopefully he can recognize that the toxicity at this point is coming from only one-direction -- not you, who has apologized and will now accept the situation with grace -- but his so-called friends who are apparently totally cool with assault and insults and regularly drink to excess. This all rather gross for a bunch of 30-year-olds.
> Any woman who doesn't chase you after she's slept with you is a woman who belongs to the streets.

Tell me you’re a shitty lay without telling me you’re a shitty lay.
I agree there isn’t. We don’t know.

And I wouldn’t risk it, not this one, not if my instincts were what OPs appears to be.
You really seem genuinely confused by this but:

It’s okay to demand more from a partner than just them NOT being abusive.

You don’t have to stay with someone just because they don’t hit you or call you names.
>He doesn't seem violent himself.

The bar is beneath the damn floor.

Someone's not treating you right if you are concerned they empathize more with the consequences your abuser faced, then the experience of being abused. That's not just ignorance, and it wouldn't be okay even if it was.
I would simply walk.

I would trust my instincts. If I suspected my new partner felt more for the man who was inconvenienced by the legal ramifications of his abusive actions, then he does for his GF, the person he actually knows and supposedly cares for, who was abused... That is a dealbreaker. I wouldn't confront. I wouldn't explain. I would just say No Thank You. And walk.

The first joke was careless and could be overlooked as a one-off poor judgment call, but the concern that he thinks believes your abuser was hard done by or just 'caught a case' should not be overlooked. I wouldn't confront or even delve into that. I'd just trust my gut and escape that.

It's one thing to not know what to say, or make a dumb joke. It's another entirely to express more empathy for the person who hurt you facing consequences for that behavior, than for you having to live with the ramifications of the abuse.

You shouldn't stay in a relationship where that doubt and fear has even entered your head. I wouldn't. He might not mean anything by it, but I wouldn't roll those dice on someone I'd only been dating for a few weeks or months. 

EDIT: Dumb typo. Gut, not guy.
It's not on her, if you cannot treat her with respect.

You're not actually taking full ownership of the issue here. You're not asking for "sensitivity". You're asking for submission to your bad behaviours, and for her to manage your feelings for you. You're asking her either meaningful change, or hide, how she interacts with her classmates because you cannot handle yourself. 

You need to seriously consider if you are capable of being a partner to anyone at the moment,  without being emotionally abusive or controlling towards them, because by your own description, you're crossing that line.
Yeah. That typo doesn't help any but it seems like most people got it all the same. 🤷
Approach this from a shared goals point of view.

You both have a shared goal of living together. There is a proposal where you could do that more quickly if he was willing to provide you with a better interest rate than the IRS and CC companies would. 

Show him your plan for re-paying them, and how you've worked that plan over the last few months, then show him how much quicker it would go if you were re-paying *him* at a less aggressive interest rate. 

From there, I'd suggest you hit pause. Let him go away and think about it. Don't get too into the weeds right about how much interest you'd pay him, or about trading rent for re-payments. Instead, just give him the information about how quickly you'd be out of debt, and roughly how much more quickly you could live together. 

Tell him you know it's a bit strange and you don't want to pressure him into something he's not comfortable with. You want to build your life with him regardless, so if he's not comfortable with this, you'll just keep on working the current plan you've shown him, on the current timeline.
Stop going back to this well. It's run dry.

You were rarely, if ever, friends.

You can know this, because the friendship faltered or fell apart when either of you were in established relationships or actively dating others. You were almost always the pseudo-partner, the WhatIf in the other person's life. You were one-another's fantasy but never one-another's reality. Those are the hardest things to let go of; the things that never really existed except as *a hope*. The honeymoon stage never ends, if it never even begins. 

It's time to let that hope die. Be grateful for the good feels. Find them in a healthy way with someone else.
Most people in their 30s aren't dating partners 10+ years younger than them cause they want relationships based on mutual respect and clear boundaries.

Personally, I think this is a silly and immature way for an adult man to engage with social media, but not a betrayal. However, that really doesn't matter.

What matters is whether or not this is a dealbreaker for you. He's been clear he's going to continue. You are entitled to your feelings, but your feelings don't make the rules. He gets to agree or disagree, and he disagrees. You have to decide if that is the kind of relationship you want to stay in or not.
Okay -- First off, you haven't won squat yet.

Some couples try to maintain perfect financial equity, but at some point that system tends to break down. A real lifetime of teamwork is rarely going to break down 50/50 on all fronts.

If you have a shared goal of homeownership and that could be accelerated or improved by using part of your winnings, it's a bit silly IMO not to be open to other ways to protect your equity besides a perfect 50/50 split of the downpayment. It's not that it would be "unfair" to her in any way, just that it would be kind of silly and bizarre not to factor this change in your financial reality, into a holistic plan for your lives together -- especially if kids are in the cards.

Buying a home, or getting married, involves some level of financial risk to both parties. You can *manage* that risk, but you cannot *erase* it. Not if you want a partnership. 

If either of you wins, or inherits a large sum of money, it makes sense that the shared plan and goals be re-evaluated, and that plan should include some protection for individual assets. I don't think either of you is showing much sense or nuance on this at all.
Break up with her, and give her a deadline for leaving your home (a week or two, at most).

You could look for legal advice to support you in this, but frankly, she is undocumented. You could hand her some contact numbers for charities/NGO in your area that supports people in her position, but she's unlikely to try to push for tenants' rights or 90 days' notice. 

Don't "talk about the things". Tell her plainly the relationship is over. It doesn't matter what she does now. Doesn't matter if she gets a job tomorrow. The relationship is still over.

If you can, offer her cash towards a plane ticket, but don't give her anything until she takes her things and leaves. And never give her anything more than what you agreed too, at that moment. Then change the locks. Pay, if necessary, to have them changed. It's worth it.

In the meantime, depending on how concerned you are with her behavior between the time you tell her to leave and the day she actually does, ask friends if you can store anything of value (money, or sentimental) with them and make sure to keep your technology, money any passwords out of her reach.
The issue is you're feeling a lack of intimacy in your relationship currently.

The issue is not that she had a past, enjoyable, sexual experience with someone else. 

You probably have things to talk about it. This isn't it.
>"Accept my thanks for the compliment you are paying me. I am very sensible of the honour of your proposals, but it is impossible for me to do otherwise than to decline them."  
>  
>"I am not now to learn," replied Mr. Collins, with a formal wave of the hand, "that it is usual with young ladies to reject the addresses of the man whom they secretly mean to accept, when he first applies for their favour; and that sometimes the refusal is repeated a second, or even a third time. I am therefore by no means discouraged by what you have just said, and shall hope to lead you to the altar ere long."  
>  
>"Upon my word, sir," cried Elizabeth, "your hope is a rather extraordinary one after my declaration. I do assure you that I am not one of those young ladies (if such young ladies there are) who are so daring as to risk their happiness on the chance of being asked a second time. I am perfectly serious in my refusal. You could not make me happy, and I am convinced that I am the last woman in the world who could make you so.

This was known bullshit in 1796 and it's bullshit now. It's an excuse men use to justify themselves in preying on women they are assuming are either stupid, manipulative, or weak-willed. There nothing about it that is a good idea. Sane men shouldn't want partners who test them that way to begin with, and there is nearly no evidence of women engaging in that behavior -- just a lot of rejected men saying they must! This theory is just straight misogyny because rejection sucks and lots of men will do anything to negate it.
You don't have to be friends with anyone you don't want to be friends with, for any reason.

And yes, tolerance for "casual racism", is a rather good reason.

Most people, when they find themselves in a crowd of people yelling slurs, or say, wearing swastikas or hanging nooses, at very least *leave*. Mike didn't even want to *distance* himself from Eric. Mike doesn't think the problem is with Eric.
Please stop asking Reddit. You might be finding more validation by creating these variations in the story, but the end result is the same:

Break up with her if you do not want to be with her.

Or, or seek therapy to manage your emotions in more rational ways.

Her behaviour basically makes sense to me: She avoided a past hook-up in public (who, from your previous versions was unkind to her and talked shit about her with his friends) and she gave you details about the encounter with him when you kept on probing for more information because you didn't accept her initial brief explanation. In your earlier versions, you were not the least bit concerned about her safety, or only suspicious about the details. So now you have more details, and you don't like them either... 

Your choices and behaviours here make so little sense that I sincerely hope this is fiction.
I'd be okay with a return date of 3-4 months perhaps. But 6-12 months with me using all my vacation to fly to them? Nah. I couldn't sustain a healthy relationship on those terms, certainly not one that was only 8 months old.
I don't think you need to be "really clingy" to not be okay with this.

I'm fiercely independent and have gone a month or two without seeing my partner when work/travel have required it, but would I commit to 6-12 months of an LDR with only maybe a few visits with a man I'd been dating of ra less than year? Probably not. That's a bad use of my time and energy for a situation that doesn't suit me. Nothing needy or clingy about that.
Just ignore it, but keep your eyes open for ways to move out of his department.

This man tried to use his position to coerce you into an affair, and now he's trying to create plausible deniability.

Continue to document everything. 

He wasn't your friend, and you cannot become his. 

He only saw you as a potential affair partner. 

He acted out and retaliated against you when you didn't play along with his fantasy. 

HR may not want to admit what happened, but everyone with two brain cells to rub together understands what happened.

The only thing more you can do to minimize the harm this man can do to you, is look for a positive move out of his department before he manufactors a negative one.
I’m sensing there might be some downsides to spending a few millennia telling men that God made females _for them._
Yeah. This is the bullshit that works in the movie. Don't do that.

You should bring your own timeline to the meeting though, and let her know that you two do choose to reconcile, you would plan on purposing in X to X number of months. Months, not years.

Ultimatums get shit on because they don't feel very good to receive, but when they are honest, they are important. She was 100% honest about what she needed in this relationship, and she walked when you couldn't meet that. That wasn't controlling. That is clear, honest communication. 

She cannot put a timeline on your healing, but she is 100% entitled to place a timeline on her own needs in order for the relationship to move forward. 

Just be transparent about what changed your mind. Don't actually make it all about how wonderful she is, focus on what you have recognized about yourself and need to change to in order to build the life you want with her. Be clear that while you want her, the person you're changing for is you, because that how change lasts.
You may not be able to eat your cake and have it too.

All you can do is be just as transparent and clear as you are here, and then you'll likely need to step back and give her some time to process this information. Her initial reaction is likely to be anxious and angry, and to feel abandoned. You're going to have to let her move through those feelings and figure out what she needs to express to you, because those feelings are gonna be valid.

You're only eight months in, and you're suggesting going into and LDR basically for at least that long again. It's a huge ask of a young relationship. 

Most people would break up. It would be totally reasonable for her to decide not to remain in a committed relationship with someone making the choice you want to make. It may just not work for her.
Your GF doesn't believe her friend will cheat. She cares for her friend, and the friend is wasted. You may be right, but you're probably not going to convince your GF to think badly of someone she clearly cares for.

And you're really having the wrong fight here.

Instead of getting worked up about a bunch of women trying to keep their dumbass drunk friend safe, just tell your GF plainly that you wouldn't find her friend's behaviour acceptable in your own relationship. You wouldn't do it, and you'd like your GF not to do that either. That's the agreement you actually need, between the two of you, about the boundaries when dancing/out at the club.

In your shoes, I'd be far more concerned about your GF's comfort around drinking to excess and her willingness to take on caretaking roles for her friends in dangerous moments. Having a frank conversation about what I find acceptable is an easy problem to address, trying to talk to your GF about the fact her friend has a substance and/or impulse control issue is way harder... If one of my friends behaved this way, more than once, I would decline to go out with her until she got her shit together. Not because of the risk of cheating, but because it's not any fun to cockblocking for a drunken moron on the regular.
I would be more inclined to agree if I thought for a second he was actually concerned with the cost of and access to healthy food, and not with just punishing those he deems unworthy.
This would seem to me to point to large issues in how you deal with finances.

Some couples can nickel-and-dime like this, but personally, I think it's toxic and counter-productive once you live together.
If the book is important to you, then it doesn't matter what he thinks. Get the book, then end contact if you want to end contact. His ego is not relevant to this at all. You cannot control what he thinks or feels, so why waste any of your time on it.

But shit, if you take your book collections that seriously have a *loaner* copy. I never loan out *my copy* of my favourite book. I have a second copy for the purpose of loaning out. It's Dorian Gray, you could have grabbed a copy for him for less than $5. Don't give people the copies you are attached too in the future.
Is this some sort of first edition, a rare find of a book, with a dedication inside from your dead relatives or something? 

'Cause unless this book is irreplaceable, you're the one playing games. 

Don't pretend to be friends. Just don't be friends if you think he's keeping you around for a ego trip.
You drew a boundary about a kind of joking you didn't find funny, and didn't feel was healthy for either of you. That's not throwing the past in her face. That's asking her to not to continue to make jokes that you do not enjoy. 

It's reasonable to acknowledge her feelings -- she was hurt by your comments and that's not insane to feel hurt -- but the message wasn't (and shouldn't be) intended as an attack. It's just not funny for you. You want to move past it. Not joke about it.
All of this. I feel for the guy. Shit as he may be, that would be an awful experience and I'm glad he made it home safely.

However, if any woman had stopped to help a naked-ass man in the woods and been attacked -- or worse -- by said men, all the same people bemoaning this guy's plight would be *blaming her* for not using her common sense to avoid the obvious danger of the crazy naked man! 

Men know other men are dangerous. They act on that knowledge ever fucking day. They just don't like it when that reality is reflected in woman's choices in ways that inconvenience them personally.
Do you that think men (and queer folks up and down the binary) don't ghost?
Then don't be friends with her.

Mutations are normal variations within a species. Individuals don't really undergo speciation. Groups do. It's a long-term process, not a mutation in a single individual. 

You are free to call yourself a non-human, and free to not choose to be friends with people who do not honour that. That's all ya got.
No. The *only* problem isn't her communication. And the other problems might not be worth solving. Better to call it off entirely...

But OP can and still get past this bullshit "I can't actually SAY what I want. HE should just KNOW when I say I FEEL." In a good relationship, that will often happen, but even if the best relationships, actual conversations about actual disagreements are required at times.

And in a really shit relationship, doing so will help you waste less time.
Hey! I'm all for OP breaking up with him.

But if you're not able to express what you would like your partner to do, and have a conversation about that, then you're setting yourself up to be immature and game-playing, and *disappointed*. That's children's games. Adults express reasonable boundaries and expectations, and walk away if they are not met. Being willing to walk away when someone isn't going to offer the kind of relationship you want to be in, is the opposite of controlling. What is controlling is not telling them and trying to manipulate them into giving you what you want, getting more and more worked up, angry and resentful when they do the thing you don't dare to actually ask them to do. 

Someone can give a fuck about your feelings, and still disagree and make a choice for themselves. It happens constantly. If you cannot manage disagreement as a couple with clear communication, then you shouldn't be a couple.
You have to be able to actually tell your partner what kind of relationship you want to be in, and are willing to be in, with them.

That's not controlling. That's having needs, wishes, and boundaries. Like a full human being who knows themselves well enough, and is mature enough, to express what she wants and needs.

What you're doing *instead*, right now, ends up being game-playing and manipulative. You get into bullshit arguments about "My feelings are valid!" (which, of course they are, but that's beside the point here and not the problem). What you really need to discuss is "Okay. You and I *disagree* about what is appropriate here with this new female friend. Let's talk about boundaries we can both live with and help me feel secure and respected in this relationship."

If you think he's shady, don't date him.

But either way, learn to speak up for yourself. It's not controlling to tell your partner what you want in a relationship, and to try to find an agreement with them that suits both of your needs. That is literally what healthy conflict resolution looks like.
He *disagrees*.

He understands that you *are* uncomfortable, he disagrees that he needs to do anything differently because you're having that feeling. And, you don't seem to have *actually asked him* to do anything differently.

Being understood is not the same as getting what you want.

Expressing your feelings is not the same as actually asking for someone to change their choice or do something differently next time.

To communicate in healthy, respectful ways you have to actually have to ask for what you want/need. Not just repeat your feelings at people.

If you need a boundary, you have to ask for it. Clearly. And he might disagree! Then you have to actually talk about it explicitly and try find an agreement. 

If you didn't ask for a clear boundary, then it wasn't totally insane for him to think that you were just expressing your feelings about the situation and that he did not need to change his actions. He *disagrees* that his actions were a problem and you didn't ask him to change them. So he didn't.

You two have to come to an agreement. Agreements are what change behaviors, not just telling him your feelings and hoping he'll figure out what you want and do that instead.

He made a new friend. I can understand why that concerned you a little bit, but do you really want to be in a relationship where you see every single new female-human in his life as a potential threat? I prefer a relationship where I trust my partner to make new friends and observe good boundaries with them...
There is nothing you can do to control another person. You have to be kind, and clear, and trust that your professor is reasonable. 

Thank them for their offer, acknowledge you've accepted another, and express regret at not working on their team at this time. Do it ASAP. The quicker you tell them, the kinder it is to them.

If *she* burns the bridge, nothing you can do about that. You'll have done your best.
Again, like I said, that is *possible*, but if that is the case then **GOOD**. Bullet dodged. You don't want to be picked by someone who is using that as their picking criteria. If that was how he made his decision, then you two were not compatible.

However, more likely he is just telling you he's entering or moving towards an *exclusive relationship* with someone else, so he is ending contact with you and no longer available to date casually.

**Sleeping with him that night was unlikely to change the situation. He still probably would have continued on with someone else.**

You really need to accept that. It's the truth. The rest of this is your internal bullshit and baggage and you need to get a grip on this.
I said about sleeping with him that night was unlikely to change the situation. He still probably would have continued on with someone else. You just would have been hurting more when he did. 

I also don't sleep with people on the first date as a matter of principle. I want to take the time to reflect on my experience with them and think about the vibe check, before I climb into bed. If someone rejects me for this reason, that is fine, because I'm confident with my choice nevertheless.

Why are you fixating on sex? This was not about sex. That's your anxiety and insecurities, but it has little to do with this. You had one good date that fizzled out. That's all. That's very, very normal. 

Seriously. This isn't a healthy perspective on dating at all. Go talk to a therapist and work on owning your own power to choose people and express your interest. Stop talking to your mother if her advice is straight out of 1940.
You did nothing wrong. He was actively, he met someone else. He may have liked you very much. He liked someone else *more*. 

Sleeping with him that night was unlikely to change the situation, only make it hurt more.

It's also *possible* he felt he was purchasing sex with his dinner, in which case you dodged a bullet.  

Either way, this was a nice date and appropraite ending to a connection. You didn't have sex you didn't want to have. Nothing is wrong here. Thems the breaks.
This relationship is over. 

The quicker you get yourself the support you need, and get an enforceable legal agreement in place, the better off your kids will be.

All the studies suggest that separation, when your children are under 4, is way less damaging than doing it later. Get this work done now. Use couples counselling to negotiate the end. Speak to a lawyer. Get an individual therapist involved for yourself and the support you need.
Apparently there is no other way for women to support one another and build a vibrant community and family EXCEPT to surrender to this man’s and his God’s version of servitude to men.

What this really tells you, sadly, is this man has no idea how to maintain healthy relationships or lead a fulfilling life as part of a community, except to coerce a woman into doing that work for him.
Make a pillow wall, or get a bigger bed.

But also, he *has to wake you up*.

He just has to. Nothing else is going to work except to make you uncomfortable. Whining about you being 'not nice' while you're unconscious is not an excuse. You can and should make some suggestions to address this, but he has also gotta be willing to advocate for his own sleep. If he stopped moving, pushed back, or woke you up when you disturbed him, your habits while unconscious would be far more likely to adjust. If he always accommodates these behaviours while you're asleep, you'll keep doing them while you're asleep, because the asleep version of you doesn't have a problem. He has to give the sleeping version some consequences for bad behaviour.
End all contact with her and get therapy. Immediately.

You're hitting yourself. That is either a serious mental illness, or an attempt to manipulate her.

This isn't about all women. This is about you. Your inability to make healthy choices for yourself right now -- including the choice to stop dating her. So stop dating her and please get help for the self-harming behaviours. They are not her fault. They are something you need to address for yourself.
There is nothing to do except say to your GF "I think he's flirting with you. Do you think he's flirting with you?" You're entitled to share your opinion and to listen respectfully to hers. That is the end of your power.

And then let her deal with it. Trust her judgement, or don't date her. It's her classmate. They are her boundaries to enforce, when she deems it necessary and in the way she feels is appropriate and right for her. 

Don't expect your young GF to go around put other men on blast just because you're having a bad feels. Get a grip, manage your own shit, and expect your GF to do what she deems necessary and appropriate.
Do you think you’re friends? If so, I’d recommend you stop considering this a job, and instead, call it a favour or hobby for which you might be compensated. 

Decide in your own head how much you’re willing to do, without being paid. Be at peace with that, and then once you hit that, either say no or ask for payment. 

Either that, or tell him you’re not available for this work any longer as you need to focus on other lines of income, but value his friendship. It’s totally fine to turn down work because the terms just don’t feel right to you.
Yeah. She knows. And if she stopped when she was caught, then you've 'called out" the behaviour as much as productively possible.

Don't get hung up on battles you cannot win. If you're gonna stay in this relationship, save your strength the fights that matter. If she stopped, this one is as resolved as it's every going to be.
Exactly. An apology in this case is just a pointless attempt at a power play. An apology that everyone involves knows is a lie changes nothing. It's just score keeping. If OP is gonna stay in this relationship she's gonna need to learn to pick her battles ASAP.
What is the line you think can be drawn here?

"Y*ou have to force your mother to pretend to apologize for harassing me.*" or "*You have to be willing to end all contact (and probably your children's contact) with your mother if she won't apologize to me.*"?

The first one is pointless theatre, and the second one is a pretty excessive demand for BF and his children to go no contact with his mother, even though BF has never actually chosen to introduce OP to his mother.  If that is what OP really needs -- for this woman to not be in her life at all -- she is probably headed for a breakup, because while that is a totally valid need, it's not likely to be one her partner is going to immediately agree to. This toxic, unhinged woman is present in his life and he's can demand she treat OP with respect when he includes OP, but he cannot perfectly control his mother if she's inclined to this degree of nonsense.
Absolutely do not reach out to her yourself. Ever. This is not your battle to fight. This is 100% between him and his mother.

However, he doesn't *control* her. He can create boundaries. He can say "If you don't apologize, I won't talk to you anymore." but frankly, that is a waste of a boundary. The boundary he's actually *going to need* is "If you cannot be respectful of my new GF when I am ready to introduce you to her, then you will see less of me and of the grandchildren until you're willing to behave with respect towards important people in our lives..."

Of course she *should* apologize! But she's not gonna, and she wouldn't mean it anyways. You can't fix other people. You don't get to 'communicate through' idiocy and insanity. There is nothing to be worked through here. You're not gonna 'move past this'. This doesn't get resolved with an apology. You're gonna live with a toxic and sorta crazy person in your life, unless he chooses to cut all contact with her.

He's fundamentally correct; He cannot and should not be having this fight until he needs to have this fight. You either need to trust him to step up when it becomes necessary, or you need to leave this relationship.
You know this is a *you* problem and that *you* need to work on it if you want happy and healthy relationships in your life, with her, or anyone. 

If that isn't enough for you, how can anything we say fix this?

Speak to a therapist if you're unable to address these feelings and intrusive thoughts yourself.
Go low contact. 

There is nothing to gain from these relationships. You only show up for them out of obligation. Learn to manage those feelings of 'duty' in healthier ways.

Don't fight who they are, just minimize the damage they are able to do to you as an adult.
Nah. You were right to cut him off.

He was either inconsiderate, or not that into you, or both. Invest your time elsewhere.
The issue is you don't like her boundaries. You keep pushing against them, which is why she is further clarifying what behaviour she is willing to accept from you at this time. "Either you do x or I’m walking away” is a boundary. A firm one. What you are saying here is that she really *should* walk away from you... Which means you are also just as responsible for walking away from her, at this point. 

Stop having a conversation. This doesn't require a compromise. Your accusations are totally out of whack with reality. She doesn't have a problem. You do. If you think she's doing these nasty things to you then there is truly nothing else to talk about. You solve your problem by ending the connection that doesn't suit your needs.
That doesn't seem fair. I'm not selling an ebook or a "program" or any crypto at all!
While she might not be perfect, you're being really, really immature and resentful about this. You need to end this. It's not on her. You have to end it because you are not okay with it.

It makes perfect sense that she may be looking forward to meeting you, and possibly seeing if there is something there in a few months when you're in the UK, but unwilling to commit to you at this point.

At this point, she is offering you friendship. It is valid if she decides that friendship doesn't include details about her dating life! Some friendships don't. She has told you that you are not exclusive and that she is single, which is what she needs to be clear about. If she not telling you about other dates she may be on, that is because she has judged (probably correctly) that you are over-invested in this connection, and will not handle that information well.

**This is ALL on you man.** You don't have to like her choices, but her choices sound reasonable and yours don't. You're judging her extremely harshly for not being willing to commit to an LDR with a person she's never met, for many months. That's not hostage-taking or manipulative. That's sanity. You haven't been "friend-zoned", you have been "person I met online only and will not meet in person for many months" zoned, because *that is what you are* right now. She sounds pretty clear about what she is offering you right now, which is not exclusivity because *of course she isn't!* you live an ocean away and have for months and will for several months more!
You majorly over-invested in an LDR, and you're blaming her for not taking responsibility for your feelings, and making it her job to end this connection, to protect you from your own poor choices.

That's not fair. It's *your job* to end this if it doesn't work for you. 

Her boundaries with you right now make a lot sense -- you are not committed to one another. You've never even met in person. Compatibility is still a big question mark, no matter how much you enjoy speaking to one another. She knows you're over-investing so she's keeping you on an information diet about her personal life. She is telling you to either get a grip and respect her boundaries, or opt out.

Your expectations for a level of commitment from a woman you haven't even met are extremely unrealistic. If this connection is unhealthy for you or making you unhappy, you need to leave it. It's not all her fault that you won't do the right thing for you.
It sounds like a 30-year-old man who is mooching off his step-dad is also now taking advantage of your vulnerability to get yet more financial and practical support for himself. 

It sounds like a 30-year-old man who is mooching off his stepdad is also now taking advantage of your vulnerability to get yet more financial and practical support for himself.  living environment, to another slightly less toxic and unsafe living environment, but you're still not where you need to be.
Your reaction to this was pretty intense for someone who says she's okay with porn and understands this isn't cheating. 

The obvious problem here is that either he lied, or he is so unaware of his own actions and motivations that he couldn't provide an answer for why he screenshots these.

I have no issues with porn, but I find it immature and boundary-busting when people re-purpose social media images as if they are porn. Those women aren't producing those images for that reason, or consenting. Plenty of women out there are! There is no reason for it unless you enjoy the violation of women who are not consenting to be porn starts. Plus, it's just childish, in my opinion.

What he did was probably within "normal" but lots of normal things are shitty and I'd be concerned by his lack of honesty and/or self-awareness about this habit.
Dude. You came for advice. You've been given it.

I'm not getting into what is the correct amount to charge them, because you have *completely missed the window to discuss payment*. You claim to 'full accept' that fact, but you're still trying to wiggle outta it. The fact that February was within the initial agreement is WHY that was the appropriate window.

We're not brokers for room rentals in your area. We're talking about the relationship. You can ask for whatever amount you feel you're entitled to, but you're likely to damage the relationship. That's the advice. It's not about the dollar value you want to assign.
Still gonna go with No, but also who the fuck cares if it does? Seriously. How is this beneficial to you to give your mental energy too? You've already done the only thing you can do, short of ending the friendship entirely. Learn to let go.
Finding the baby voice unpleasant is *a totally different* opinion to express than asking her to silence or stop her affectionate text messages. 

One is about style, the other is about substance. 

By all means, give her notes on the style. "Honestly, the baby voice thing has just never been cute for me. I've always found it a bit off-putting." But I wouldn't suggest you, in the early days, tell her that she should hold back on expressing her desire to be with you. You don't seem to be describing "bombarding" here. You're describing one text where she tells you she cares for you and misses you.
Are you really *that* special? That much a *unique niche* of an employment path? *Really*?

Because I have a super niche path and career, and I can still think of three people a few years younger than me who have made very, very similar steps. It never occurred to me to consider they were "copying" me. We have similar goals and skill sets. They are my professional colleagues, not my mimics.

You are already doing the only thing you can do if this annoys you: Keeping the information you give him to a minimum. Besides that, I'd advise you to get over yourself. There is nothing to deal with except to decide if you're willing to put a positive word in, when asked, or not.
You're going to damage this relationship if you try to ask for payment for a gift you've already given to someone you say you basically consider a family member.

It's as simple as that. There is no magical way to demand payment now that wouldn't be hurtful. They probably would accommodate you, but it probably would damage the relationship because you handled the communication so poorly. 

The time to revisit the "could chuck us some money" conversation from a place of respect was like, February. You missed your window by a mile.
>I offered to pay for storage unit but the argument was “why buy stuff if you’re just going to store it” but I like having rare sets to rebuild on occasion.

Right. So this is a thing to revisit as you take a deeper dive in your shared financial life.

But while doing so, you need to recognize that while collecting (or hoarding) may serve a positive emotional need for you, it may just as legitimately cause anxiety and distress in her to see more "things" piling up. Those are very real feelings you both have to be willing to acknowledge and address.
Stop seeing this as a money problem and start seeing this as a feelings problem.

Your GF doesn't feel secure with your shared saving plans/goals.

That is a problem worthy of addressing. Her feelings and opinions on that are fundamentally valid and worthy of your attention and time. If you want to marry her, you either need to increase those goals/plans, or by help her gain more understanding of them so she can feel confident in the shared choices. There are some financial advisors who specialize in helping couples have these conversations and building the *emotional* aspects of financial literacy.

The money isn't the core problem here. The problem is that the money brings forward very different feelings in you both. In order to build a life where she feels secure, and you feel trusted and happy, you need to come together to acknowledge and manage those feelings.

Secondly, and I could be wrong here, but perhaps recognize that both of your "nerdy" hobbies don't just take up money. They take up space. Collecting isn't just about money, it's about space and lifestyle. She may genuinely dislike these hobbies, but you still need to be reasonable enough to realize that a lego collection impacts her in ways sports tickets do not. My ex was always on me about how I didn't "respect his miniatures", but I had no problem with him being nerdy and liking minis. What I didn't like was the fact that he hoarded so many nerdy *objects* that my home was frequently uncomfortable and uninviting and he never parted with *any* of them. Accumulation without consideration was the issue, not the money.
I don't care much for any of the people involved here and there is a lot of blame to go around, but they were all responding to understandable (stupid, harmful) pressures.

It does hit hard against that dichotomy. Want a happy life long marriage? Pick the adult woman you respect as an equal, who really understands your goals and your values.
Who is keeping the list!?

Today we are

Battery (half of)

Water

The plot of the Lion King (or maybe just the villain arch? The minions? It’s a bit unclear…)
Please reread my post. I suggest several avenues to bring these issues forward.
Your bad feels are not the biggest issue here that the university can help you address.  The issue here is he is not doing his job, and he is not being respectful when he communicates with or about students.

You need to frame your issues in a way that makes it easier for the school to understand and address.
I would jus speak to your student ombudsperson directly, to get clarity on what is expected of this “helper” and what your actual obligations to him are. 

In the meantime, block this man’s number.

Fundamentally, there could be reasonable causes for an adult instructor to call an adult student in university. The boundaries aren’t the same as they are in high school, however, without further instructions I think you’re well within your own rights to withdraw consent from this particular person reaching out to your personal cell phone.

EDIT: The fact you met with him for an extended period and none of your classes got book (ie the outcome of the meeting wasn’t achieved) is actually probably your stronger, objective complaint against him. Remember you’re not just a student deserving of respect, you’re also a customer and this guy is giving you shitty service. Start with your ombudsperson or get advice from your student union even. Your program director is a another possible avenue, but I’d get my ducks in a row before speaking with then.
I totally believed this happened. You can pop cyst like this during sex, or riding a bike, or getting outta bed too fast. But it was not for the reasons he thinks. 

It is so fucking rare for husbands to show up at all when their wife is in hospital that any one who does a smidge more than drop off clean undies a magazine is treated like a god damn prince. Some nurses are as guilty of this shit as anyone. 

So, it wasn’t about your dick ya dumbass. You were getting wildly praised and rewarded for the baseline of care that woman are expected to provide without comment or complaint.
And, if you can at all help if, do not be sold off into a politically advantageous marriage while still a teenager, to a man a decade older who is definitely not over his ex.
If these men’s version of  “a traditional woman” requires that woman be in poverty and disempowered socially… maybe there is something exploitative about _wanting that kind of tradition._
How can _you_ make it a nonissue that your husband is spiteful and doesn’t listen to you? Or have any respect for your anxiety about money?

_You_ can’t. Not alone. You feel rejected because you are being rejected and ignored, not just misunderstood.

Communication takes two people. You cannot fix it entirely on your own. The question you need to ask yourself right now is if you have a partner, or not, in solving this problem.
That’s because she’s bitter and hit “The Wall” so they don’t have to listen to her anymore. /s 

Their system is flawless. Anyone who disagrees with them is always old/fat/ugly anyways.
Don't try to jump the queue to become "girlfriend" by being "friend with benefit". That almost never works, and it shouldn't. You cannot be next in line for a relationship with someone.

If he wanted to date you, he would. He doesn't. 

What you're considering would be harmful for you. You don't want to be his FWB, so don't agree to it. Only pretending to be an FWB while trying to wiggle your way into 'something more' is dishonest and unkind. Either say No, or admit to him what you really want.
You're arguing that you see the exact same percentage of women, imagining the man in the service role is seriously flirting with them? Sure, we cannot read minds. We can read context. Like the context of someone being paid to be a pleasant sales associate or server.

Because I spend a lot of time with women and while I have definitely heard a sales guy or bartender referred to as "Sucha flirt!" not a single woman I have met was confused about his role as a *service provider*.

There are plenty of errors that are just human, but this one when it comes to flirting vs service is just not a 50/50 cognitive error.
>he told me that even watching porn when you have a boyfriend should be considered cheating, so naturally I would assume that the same should apply to him.

If none of the other reasons cut it for you, this one obviously should. He shamed you and verbally abused you for far, far less than he deliberately did behind your back. And then he lied about it in the lamest possible way. He thinks you're a moron.

Whether or not you, or I, or he thinks this is "cheating" doesn't even matter. It doesn't have to be cheating to be totally unacceptable! Don't get pulled into that argument with anyone. This is all a very dangerous double standard from a man who is giving every signal he is willing to abuse you. 

You don't owe him a conversation. This isn't a debate. This is him getting dumped for being dishonest and a dangerous partner. Keep yourself safe. End it quickly and cleanly. Get rid of this man.
You are not completely innocent here, because you violated the agreement. When Ella said she had caught feelings, your responsibility was to say "I understand, but since that has happened I am no longer comfortable continuing with the sexual relationship."

You're not a monster, but 'don't get attached' is a *hope.* It's an intention. It's not a thing that can be promised. It is not a boundary. The boundary is "If one of us catches feels, we stop fucking."

So, you had the exact same responsibility as Ella had to end it when that happened -- I would actually say you had the greater responsibility at that point, since she had just told you that her motivations and judgements were clouded by her emotions and her attachment to you. Continuing to have sex with her at that point, was selfish and naive. Your actions, were not reflecting the agreement you said you wanted, when you continued to meet up and have sex with Ella after that conversation. 

You're not a villain, but you did fuck it up. You had a clear line with Ella at which all sexual connection should have ended and you both blew right past that line. Maybe not everything Ella thinks of you now is reasonable, but it was not kind. You should have done better.
You need to just walk away.

He may be a lovely partner in some ways, but he is absolutely not capable of offering you a relationship you should feel at all secure in, and he's been dishonest from the beginning, trying to manipulate you into accepting something *he knew* was a rather lousy offer.

This isn't a situation where everything is great *except this*. *This* is him. This is a guy who dove into dating while still full-on living with his ex, gave totally false timelines, introduced his kids way too early, and has not been prioritizing his separation or creating a healthy home life for his kids.

This may be a good guy making shit choices, but more likely it's a rather shitty guy making rather shitty choices.

"Breaks" are bullshit. They are slow-motion break-ups that just prolong the drama. It's time to be broken up. Tell him he's welcome to call you if he gets his act together and starts to actually live separately from his ex, and has the time to date and be a co-parent, but don't hold your breath. Far more likely he'll move on to another young thing he can manipulate into accepting this shitty situation for a few months...
It’s a neutral term — if you value your friends, as friends. What was their argument for misogyny? That men didn’t actually want her “friendship” so calling them that was offensive or a mislabel? 

I think there can be a lot toxicity in FWBs situations because people forget to be _friendly_, and end up viewing the other more like an amateur sex worker instead of buddy you share a fun activity with. Or, they define down what would be objectively called casually dating into a FWBs situation. But in my experience those issues are also pretty gender neutral. Men and woman both those mistakes.
He’d never be so beta as to allow something like over a decade of data and well-documented trends to penetrate his skull. Not when he saw with his own two eyes how the paid server smiled demurely at him, not merely performing  her job in the expected style, but clearly begging for the leadership and protection of a man.
There are cultural norms. There are affects.

There is no more truth in his racist delusions about what those norms actually represent in individual human relationships, then there is truth is his understanding of human biology.
Ironically he did figure out anal tho.
And with a healthy dose of idiots not being able to tell the difference between customer service and women being super into them.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

This guy is telling you stories. Stories about how he think it’s permissible to treat others. Believe him. 

He will turn around one of these days and declare you are just like all the others — and he will decide, probably without telling you, that he can treat you like the others. Then he will tell you you’re not entitled to be hurt or angry with him, because he warned you. 

Lots of people score a bit higher in “sociopathic tendencies” and recognize that means they need to work a little bit harder to empathize or to keep the ego in check. People who struggle with this are pretty safe. They compensate and focus on what healthy relationships really take. People who say “Well, this is just how I am and now you know! Fair warning.” Are not.
 You don’t compromise. 

You trust him, so trust him to select his own friends, and not hook up with strangers. 

If you think he can be “persuaded” to cheat, then you don’t trust him, and shouldn’t date him.  He’s a 20 year old adult, not an 8 eight year old on the playground being bullied into eating dirt or some shit. If he doesn’t want to cheat, he won’t.
“Emasculated” is one of those toxic traps where the more you help him, the more blame you’ll catch.

Continue to be realistic: Most entry level jobs are easier to get when you’re physically present. There is little reason for someone to want to employ an 18 year old who can’t start tomorrow— that’s usually the appeal of teenage employees. 

Besides that just listen, agree that it does suck and it is disappointing — because it is that. What it is not, is a reflection on him “as a man”. Reminder him this has nothing to do with his gender — and even less to do with yours. He’s a person. Not a “potential provider”.
She didn’t want to talk to a group of people who had said nasty things about her.

This is not rocket science. You’re being a weirdo who is making it all about sex, when it’s about not talking to mean people who have insulted or shamed you previously. If she has an ex who is a basically decent person, or perfectly reasonable to not be nervous about him, but to be nervous and want to avoid a group of bullies. 

What went down with her made sense. Your reaction was intense, and really strange. You need to figure out what was going on inside your own head that led to this. Her explanations for what went on in her head pass the sniff test just fine.
It’s honestly terrifying where Americans, even ones who might consider themselves democrats, think the centre is. 

I remember back in the day trying to explain to a few American friends that Obamas policies were not left of centre in any other established democracy. Very centrist, even sometimes right of centre. Which was a large part of his global popularity. 

But the far right nutters just saw a black man, lost their shit completely and now here we all are…
She’s not your problem. It’s not her job to fix the issues in your relationship. She’s not your ally, and you’re not trying to help her out. You’re desperately trying to manipulate her into helping you out, because you and your BF cannot find an agreement that works. 

Your problem is that you are choosing to stay in a relationship with someone you believe is cheating on you.

Stop pretending to be worried about her well-being. Get a damn clue and realize you’re the “poor girl” involved in this situation who isn’t behaving in healthy ways or with any self-respect.

If you cannot resolved this by speaking _with him_, then it cannot be resolved.
Stick to the No. 

This was a rather transparent move on her part to force a meet with the children, to justify her curiosity about you. 

You and your BF have not decided to make a relationship with the children part of this relationship yet. Continue to NOT include the children in your plans. When you do decide you are both ready for that step, then you and she may need to meet, briefly, while custody is exchanged. That is sufficient. She gets to shake your hand, not break bread with you. 

What’s best for the children is you declining, as much as possible, to play her game or become more a character in her little drama.
He’s 22. He is not a boy. He doesn’t need to be handled. He’s not a toddler going through a phase where he find poop hilarious. 

It is completely realistic to expect a 22 year old to be honest about their own interest in, and opinions on, porn use while in a relationship. And to keep a promise if they make it.

Men are people, not dumb animals who cannot help themselves.
He doesn’t agree with you about porn. He never has. He thinks it’s acceptable in a relationship. 

If you want a relationship with someone who doesn’t watch porn, you need to date someone else. 

If you want to stay with him, you’re going to have to find a way to deal with this as a legitimate and transparent _disagreement_, instead of a hard boundary.
This man is too old to not understand that not everyone has a close or meaningful relationships with their parents and adult siblings.

And five months is quick for this kind of pressure and judgment. 

What is weird is that he is not making the effort to listen to you and I understand who is actually important in your life.
As sad as it is, if she needs to break up over this you’d be wise to just accept that and wish her well.

She withheld information that was clearly relevant to her, about her virginity and sexual experience, for five years. 

You’re not the asshole. She needs do the work herself to move past this. If she is not willing, or able, to do that, then you need to have the strength to face the end.
I wouldn’t date this man.

He’s telling stories about money. Mean, untrue stories, about you, because of his choices about his money. 

It’s one thing to be bad at budgeting, but telling mean stories that it’s someone else’s fault that you’re spending what you’re spending is a serious character flaw, and one that will likely impact other areas of his life too. (It’ll be your fault he doesn’t have enough free time. Your fault he’s gaining weight. Your fault the house is cluttered with things. Your fault the grocery bill is too high.) 

Be very, very wary of signing up for a lifetime with someone who externalizes blame like this. His GF/wife will always be the most conveniently located external person to take the blame for his actions.

Romantic intimacy not requiring a big budget is not your real core problem here.
This is shady and I wouldn't like it

But his answer is plausible and I'm not surprised he tried to 'manage you' this way.

This whole exchange was deeply immature on both sides.
Talk to her. As everyone is saying, try some more actually relaxing games.

Lots of gamers -- men and women -- think the golden rules change when they are gaming, and that angry outbursts and name-calling are part of 'the culture'. You need to be able to say clearly that it's not. I love to game but I've had to have a few tough conversations with friends that if being able to yell, or call people nasty names, or throw things in anger, is an important part of thier gaming experience -- then they don't to game with me. 

I'm an adult who likes to game. If you are a gamer because you want to behave like a toddler sometimes, please play with the other over-sized toddlers.
>It sounds like he feels he has done nothing wrong and broken no agreements with you.

He deleted the texts. For six months. 

He knew damn well he was violating the spirit of his exclusive relationship agreement with OP, even if he tries to claim he wasn't "technically" doing anything wrong. Trust doesn't work on "technicalities". Trust was broken here.
Why do you need to be the bigger person?

You're not 'holding on to the past'. You're addressing an ongoing issue with his choices.

He continues to bask in the attention of this woman, who behaved inappropriately for months, and who he only stopped enjoying the attention from when he got caught. He knew he violating boundaries with these conversations -- you know he knew, because he was deleting the messages and telling her they were a problem (but not, telling her to stop it). 

If a person who has a long history of ignoring my boundaries, and flirting with me in direct disrespect of the relationship they know damn well I'm in, climbs onto the treadmill beside mine, I wrap up my workout and leave. That person is not my friend.
It is reasonable to assume from this conversation he's at least quite aware of it, and has seen some.

What you need to ask is if he engages with it regularly and thinks it's acceptable porn consumption. Because you don't think it's acceptable, and you don't want to date someone who ever engages with it.
Good luck with it -- and with the therapy.

I think your boundaries are the right ones, but your fears are a bit extreme and they are making this harder for your to deal with than it needs to be. You're getting overworked and spun out and drawn to extreme cases. You need to reign that in and realize your boundaries are important and valid, even if watching this porn doesn't necessarily mean your BF is ever going to even look at an actual human child in that way once in his life. It's still not okay. You don't have to be okay with it.
"If you watch porn that features children's bodies -- even if they are illustrated -- I cannot date you. I feel too strongly that that is completely wrong to do. I expect you to answer honestly, is this porn you engage with and think is acceptable?"
First, you get into therapy you work on better managing your anxiety. The odds of there being immediate risk or danger to anyone on this topic are rather low. 

Ethics in porn creation and consumption is important to me as well. I would also draw the line with my partners if they were engaging with illustrated porn of pre-pubescent bodies. It's not acceptable to me, even as fantasy, even as an illustration, to contextualize a child's body as a sexual object. It's a hard red line for me. I won't date that person. 

But, like your CNC kink, I would not assume that porn consumption meant pedophilic criminal behaviour was terribly likely. Just that I don't want to date someone who doesn't hold themselves to a higher standard when it comes to consuming pornography and framing their own sexual identity through what they consume... 

You're going to need to revisit this conversation with him, but I think you need some tactics to deal with anxiety before you're going to make it a productive one.
If he's testing you, he's validation-seeking. And validation seeking is knowing how to communicate to get what you want, it's just a toxic way to go about it.

In the end, you have to decide what you want in a relationship, but if I was feeling I was having arguments multiple times a week after only two months, I wouldn't be keen to continue. Either you need to be able to re-frame these conversations and bring the temperature down, or you're in for a hell of a lot of needless drama in my opinion.
If he's seeking attention and validation by picking petty fights with you... that's pretty much the worst possible dynamic for someone who has a history of feeling smothered in relationships. Even if the other fights get resolved easily enough, that would be a real concern to me. I don't keep people around who use negative behaviours to try to get my attention. 

If you're now in LDR after the move, I absolutely wouldn't hold out much hope for it getting better. 

This is two months. This is you both on your best behaviour. It's not great.
I often joke that no one who lives in Toronto, drives in Toronto. We drive only to *get out* of Toronto. 

I owed a car for years and walked 45 mins to work on most days. Could I have driven it to it 10 mins on most days? Absolutely. Would it have been worth it? Absolutely not.
Hah. It really isn't (but I do think we're under a lot more construction downtown than Ottawa is. That's a lot of the dust in the downtown.) I have that experience every time I visit New York and the New Yorkers are all like "How do you like the big city!?" and I think "I know for a fact you can keep cities olders and wetter than this one, cleaner than this one... But it's great!"
You're unlikely to acquire the GF Object to service your emotional needs, like it's a rare drop or legendary weapon, or a party-planner, or a substitute Mommy.

The older you get, the more women are going to be turned off by this attitude towards them. Likewise, your inability to form friendships with women you don't find sexually appealing... always a bit of concern. It means you are not able to value a woman as a person, unless there is a chance they will be servicing your GF Object requirements.

You've had a relatively normal amount of dating experience for an 18 year old. That's not the problem. The attitude is.

You need to fill your life better. With or without a GF, this dissatisfaction and any childhood drama is your job to address, not the GF Object's job. Build a life another person would actually want to share and be interested in, and build relationships that aren't based solely on getting your needs met, but on equal exchange and mutual enjoyment.
Play stupid games. Win stupid prizes.

Some things are only fun as fantasies. It's okay to learn that. 

Also, stop thinking about these potential thirds as if they aren't real people with their own agency. Just because she's in an open relationship, doesn't mean she had wanted to fuck the two of you! 

Keep the conversation shelved. Full stop. It doesn't need to be more complicated than that. Just because someone seems "convenient" doesn't mean you should fuck them.
You put your foot down.

And if you're ready for a divorce, go ahead with that and get a lawyer involved. 

This is now crossed the line from him *feeling* whatever he's feeling, to him acting in a way that is *emotionally abusive*.

The constant accusations of cheating, without him willing to do *anything* to address his negative thoughts or behaviours or bad feelings, is unacceptable. It is abuse. He needs to take some damn responsibility for himself, and stop adding this issue entirely to your workload. You're already doing plenty. If he actually wants his feelings and concerns addressed, he has to be part of the work to resolve this, and not the abuser.

You cannot prove a negative. You are know you're not cheating. You know you don't the time in the day to cheat. You cannot fix this for him. You can recommend couples counselling, but go in very cautiously because there is a real risk here that he *wants to abuse you* \-- that that is the point, and not the accidental outcome here.

Don't consent to cameras or to the invasion of your privacy until he's 100% committed to doing the work to get past his own bullshit. If you do, he will very, very likely use this access to escalate his abuse, not resolve it. You seriously need to be considering your safety first, and his feelings second.

The sad reality is very few 40 years old are choosing partners in their early 20s because they want an emotionally healthy relationship built on mutual respect. Possible, but not likely.

And the stereotype is also sadly true: He probably knows you don't have 10 mins in the day to cheat. The most likely thing here is that he is projecting. And is either cheating himself, or wishing he was.
Most relationships don't last forever.

But you don't stand a chance of noticing a good relationship when you've got one, if you don't change these bad habits. 

Take a deep breath and see this for what it is: This relationship isn't perfect. This relationship might not last. However, if you want to give it the best shot to last, or even, to end on good terms, you need to change your habits and find ways to manage your anxiety. That should be the bulk of the work you're doing to maintain this.
"That's nice."

He's naive. Don't take on his education.

Consider this a learning experience. You need to laugh at what you cannot, and should not, do anything about. You're taking this too onto yourself.
Sure.

But cities that don't prioritize walkability, bike lanes and green spaces don't see those same benefits, and then there is the increased risk of cardiovascular and respiratory diseases from dense urban living, which increases the risk of stroke, heart disease, lung cancer, and asthma.

There is a lot of evidence that living in cities -- especially well-designed and governed ones -- is a net win for individual human health, but there is no reason to pretend there we are not making some trades offs, and that really, we need to make larger changes so people are able to be healthier regardless of the community they are living in.
You absolutely can tell her. I wouldn't. I'd go and enjoy her company -- consider it a gift you're giving her -- and I'd tell her later, in a few days, that I'm played out on tea and want to make a different tradition. Offer one or two other suggestions for a new event or activity you can do together on special days.

It's not untrue, it's just framing the message in the least hurtful way. Sending her scrambling the day before is not terribly kind.
This is the answer. Dense urban environments don’t have many health benefits but this is the one they do: Generally less time spent commuting and commutes/errands where walking is economical. 

Toronto is also exceptionally diverse — even in comparison to other major cities on the planet — so you’re looking at a totally cornucopia of different eating habits and cultures around food. 

If you drove out north to the small towns in Ontario you’d see a difference, although broadly speaking Canadians are slightly less obese than American counterparts. Probably a lot of reasons… some just around portions sure, but also I expect that better access to preventive medical care means we may get the heads up earlier if we’re at risk.
That doesn't change your responsbilty to this relationship.

Your responsibility is to end it.

It's not reasonable or kind to sit back and say "Well, he hasn't left me yet so it's his own damn fault he's still dating an addict!" It's not *all* his fault. You fully share the blame when you allow a relationship to continue where you know for a fact you are not offering them what they say they need.

You've already made it clear you're not going to accept this ultimatum.

Which means you must end the relationship. Nothing else is acceptable.
Yes. The relationship should end if you don't want to abandon your lifestyle of using. 

It's really not any more complicated than that. You're not dedicated to your sobriety. He wants a sober partner. It's time for one of you to end this. '

It's not all on him. It's your job too. Don't "encourage him to leave". Walk away because you are not offering him what he has told you he needs. This is on you. Stop trying to make it all his job to leave you. He should. But you're just as responsible for the end as he is.
Extremely skewed. This is a relationship your wife has formed. It's not a mechanic for humans. 

I'm concerned you continue to gloss over the fact you are eavesdropping. That needs to stop. Completely. And forever. The only information you are privy to about her therapy, is the information she shares with you.
You’re missing mine.

There is no situation in which is acceptable for you to sit and listen to your wife’s therapy like this, without both her permission and the therapists. 

You describing hearing way to much, and forming far too deep an opinion, for it to be accidental. And even if you insist this was accident, you don’t appear to realize it cannot happen again.

We don’t know the therapist sucks right now. Neither do you. We do know you are not holding yourself to an appropriate standard when it comes to your wife’s privacy, because you have told us you are not.
This is staggeringly inappropriate and disrespectful. Why do think this is an okay way for you to behave? Do you sit beside her at every dental cleaning to hear what the dentist says? Read all of her emails? Examine her shit before she's allowed to flush?

You need to quit this.

You do not know what is going on with your wife, but I don't know what is going on with you, but you have some of your own shit to figure out here. This is not cool.
Hit the breaks hard and put these assumptions aside.

And absolutely stop eavesdropping. Leave the house if you 'can't help' but overhear. Shit. That shouldn't even need to be said!

You don't know what goes on in that room. Your envisioning is counterproductive and unhelpful.

It is *extremely* unlikely the therapist drastically changed their approach unless your wife asked/indicated they do so.

What is far, far more likely, is your wife changed what she is listening to, and how she is engaging with the therapy.

Instead, ask your wife pointed questions about what tools she was recommended for this situation. Encourage her to ask her therapist for tactics or techniques. Focus on how that approach was initially helpful to her in the early stages. Her time was not a waste. You saw the things of value she was getting out of it previously.

Finally, recognize that a therapist saying "Yes. That is difficult. And Yes. That does suck." is perfectly valid and helpful and that your wife was entitled to change how she engaged with therapy.

You cannot "manage" your way out of every stressor and difficulty in life. Sometimes shit just sucks for a while. Don't assume your wife needs to be further fixed or just has to do better. (That sounds to me like a bit of toxicity positivity sneaking in.) What she might actually need from you as well at the moment is just the validation that *Yes, this is hard. Hard things are hard. Sometimes there isn't much 'better' to be had or to be done and we just live through the hard bits*.
Just decline the future plans. If you want to continue to rebuild a relationship with Olivia, invite her to one-on-one things and not double dates. 

I wouldn't inform her unless she asked.
This is what a responsible civil defence looks like when the accused is definitely guilty of way, way worse than the issue at hand. 

They just need the court to put a $ on this one, so they can go home without admitting to something that’ll get him more than a fine.
Yeah. Don't do it.

Just tell her you're really happy for her but you have confirmed to attend an engagement party now and aren't able to make it at that time.

Try to book another time to see her in the near future.  Maybe make some nice one-on-one time planned with her during your Mother's Day trip.

(You can also tell her that while she may be ready to forgive her BF, you're fed up with him treating your sister like dirt and will be minimizing the time you spend near him.)
This is manipulation. While it is true that anyone can, and should, leave a marriage that isn't working, when someone is constantly holding a gun to the head of the relationship, threatening to shoot if they don't get everything they want, then you're not in a partnership anymore. You're in a hostage situation.

Don't tolerate the word "divorce" being thrown around lightly. If he says he wants a divorce, tell him he is welcome to one -- if he wants out, you want him to get out -- but he is not welcome to constantly threaten you with one just to get his way.
Tell him it doesn't matter if it's love or lust, it's ***unwelcome***.

This is boundary-busting, unwelcome behavior. If he wants to respect your marriage, and respect you as an individual, then you expect him to respect you right now when you ask him to quit this. Permanently. 

If he doesn't immediately correct himself, or if he begs or bargains or tries to say you've just misunderstood, then he values his idea 'being in love but not lust' with you, over his actual friendship with the human being you actually are. In which case, get rid of him.
Own your own shit: 

"I would appreciate it if you'd get a check-up. I don't want to keep talking about the maybes. I care about you and it would make me feel more secure to know."

He may still say No, but at least you'll have been honest about what you are actually feeling and not beating around the bush trying to make him feel the same way you do.
Yeah. No.

I'm sticking with my reasonable assumption that he is making the purchase, and they are paying him back. The comment above refers to them *still* needing to pay him back, even if they couldn't go, because they are not refundable.

He's the one with the membership, so he's making the purchase to get a better rate. He's "tasked" with buying the tickets. They are paying him back for 'their share'.

This OP would be very, very clear if he was the one paying for all three of them each time. He's not gonna let that be unclear if he was gifting his buddies to a trip to the movies once a month!
Probably. And if it was, him going about his previous plans is the best way to deny her the control and not let this tactic work. 

I mean, I wouldn't want to date someone I suspected of that, but short of breaking up, that is his only option. It's not like he can force her to go to work.
It may be petty to force a verbal agreement. I actually like u/sqitten suggestion here way more than mine! Do that.
Listen to u/purveyorofsocks. This is not how socks are to be purveyed!
>I don't want to turn this in to a family vacation to serve my own needs

Okay, but consider how that conversation was from her perspective: That is exactly what it seemed you were trying to achieve, even though some of the boys weren't free anyways. That would be a very reasonable POV for her to have here: She planned X (trip with her and one son and friends), and you tried to turn it into Y (whole family trip). You said Y was important and how you wanted to spend the money. Then (you didn't answer but I'm assuming here) you did nothing else about actually making Y happen, but remain quietly upset and asked no further questions about her plans for X.

Look, she's not here to give advice too. I'd be telling her to validate your feelings and recognize the important of shared, meaningful activities... but you're the one here and you're fighting the wrong battle. And not working for or planning or advocating for the family vacation you told her you valued.

Take it to the counsellor if you need help getting back on track.
He should be ashamed for leaving cum socks shoved in the couch cushions.

If he is feeling shame, he is responding like a rational person to be caught out being an inconsiderate slob. Don't let him pretend he's so stupid that he didn't know this wasn't respectful behaviour in shared spaces.

You already apologized for making jokes, and making light of the situation. You can repeat that if you'd like, however, his behaviour *does need to change*. You being insensitive, doesn't mean he gets to shove X many more socks into the couch. You both know that. 

You've got other issues in your relationship that got pulled into this fight. Acknowledge that. Say it out loud. You know you're both frustrated about other things as well, when it comes to sex but for this very specific subject, you'd like him to agree there will be no more cum socks shoved in the couch cushions.
And what did she say about the idea of also planning a family vacation with you and the rest of the kids? Have you taken any steps yourself, or put any of your energy into this? Or suggested any possible future plans on this?

If you want to plan something as a couple or a family vacation, then you should do that and advocate for that with her! But you can value that and your time together as a family without going on the attack with other plans she might also value. Especially if cost isn't a key issue here.

Trying to turn something which someone else invited her and one son on, into a family vacation to serve your emotional needs (when some of the other kids aren't even free to go anyways) was not a great move. Your feelings are valid, but that doesn't mean every single way you may handle them is particularly wise. 

I think you reacted from a really emotional place. Understandable, but not entirely fair. And her response was predictable. If she had wanted you to come, she had the opportunity to frame it that way. She wanted it to be okay that you're not included. 

You need to back this way up: Valuing having a family vacation is just dandy. Only deciding you value that because you felt left out in this case, and don't like this plan, is hurtful.
He's a mooch. 

38-year-old men aren't this stupid unless it's a useful tactic. 

Invite him to prioritize himself fully. You look for someone who treats you like a partner, not a nicer place to crash for free than Mommies.
No kiddo. It isn't. Gay people are plenty capable of being sexist, racsit and/or homophobic assholes. And while no one can stop you, people are gonna call you an asshole. That's the consequence of being an asshole.

On the amazingly slim chance you're not just a troll, it's good your friend knew you well enough not to bother having this pointless argument with your self-absord ass.
This might point to a more basic inability to communicate. Like I've said: It's not work you can do alone. It's a job you have to be a fully committed part of, but if she cannot do her part as well, it doesn't resolve, and then you're just both get stuck in a place where you're just not compatible.

Good luck with it.
Right... the joke is that you think other gay men lack self-respect and that they choices they make for themselves are rude, self-absorbed and just stereotypes?

And you think that is totally funny and not at all judgemental or homophobic?

Like, we cannot stop you from thinking that, but it's bone-headed and wrong and if I hung out with you, I'd be saying "Yuck." that that pile of bullshit.
So, what's the joke exactly?

Is the joke that other gay men are too feminine to hang with the boys? That they are too flirty? Too sexually aggressive? Too woke? Too annoying? 

What makes the other gay men one of "the bad ones"? And you not one of those?

Cause I think when you try to explain that, you might realize when it's not really all that funny. I'd never describe myself as one of the 'good bisexuals' because most bisexuals are fantastic, and assholes can be assholes because they are assholes, not because they are bi.
Does he? Where?

>They're non-refundable! Paul and Mike said they wouldn't mind paying their share anyway, but I bet they wouldn't like it if it actually happened.

The *anyways* in there certainly implies they regularly pay him back for the tickets he books for the group.
You're in the wrong for believing this person is a good partner for you. 

Even if he started out with this kind of pig-headedness, it's been a year and a half and he's developed zero respect or appreciation for what you study and do. That's an even bigger issue, in my opinion, than the compatibility one.
That doesn't really address more than a few words of what I actually said. 

There were emotions at play here that you steamrolled over and left your GF feeling less connected and valued.

You don't need to buy her takeaway to be nice, but sheesh, could you really not figure out how to be any nicer than this?
You both kinda suck today.

She should have respected the first No, but you sound like you're nickel-and-diming her when she feels unwell and I'm not surprised she felt hurt by that. Likewise, I'm not sure why she wouldn't have *offered* to order for you both.

You do need to be open to joining your partner in small things that bring that joy sometimes. Maybe this wasn't the time, but there do need to be times, or even the most budget-conscious of partners may end up feeling pushed away and unloved.
>Im not going to pretend I respond as well as I should to criticism but I would rather be told what’s up rather than be blissfully ignorant of her pain. I don’t try to make it so she can’t tell me things and I don’t understand why she feels that way.

You see the contradiction there right? You know you could do better, but don't want to understand why she might feel... like you should do better? 

I'm not trying to call you a monster. I think this is an important lesson about dealing with conflict with someone you love. 

The change is you have to be *actively* trying to make it easier for her to come to you with negative messages. You both need that from each other. And that is hard work for you both. It seems to be a trust that is missing here. You cannot fix this alone -- she'll have to put the work in too -- but you absolutely can ruin it on your own, and you can damage that trust super quick, with just a few careless words or assumptions. 

I think the important thing to recognize is when said things were going well, she was probably not actually lying. She was telling you the best truth she had available to her at the moment, or she might have been 'rounding it up' and focusing on the emotional connection and intimacy, instead of her orgasm. Those aren't malicious lies, those are choices she was making to try and emphazies the important elements that were totally present for her, and not to focus too much on the ones that weren't.

Most people don't try to lie to the ones they care about. Most people tell the truth they have, at the moment they have it, and on reflection realize there are also other important truths they need to express.

Your first step may be as simple as saying "I realize my responses might not be making you feel safe to bring these things to me, and that isn't what I want for us. I'm going to work on that because I really need you to come to me with these things."
You take a huge step back and instead of calling her a liar and blaming her for all the totally valid reasons she was ashamed or afraid of speaking up earlier, you make a safe space and show you are someone she can talk to by saying "Ok. I'm listening now. In order for this to work, you have to be able to trust me. Even if I'm not into something, we can talk about it."

I understand you're hurting, but so is she. And she probably has been for a while.

You're not going to make this better by centring your bruised ego and accusing her of malice, when she was genuinely trying to do 'the right thing' by protecting that ego and placing your sexual pleasure above her own. 

She made a mistake. An understandable, human mistake. 

The two of you are now fighting a lifetime of sexual shame and conditioning, and possibly even ignorance. You're not going to win that fight with more shame and blame and accusations. All that response tells her, is that she was right that should have kept on protecting your ego or you'll get mad with her. You gotta be the bigger person here or nothing good happens.
Equally valuable, yes.

Equally accessible, not always.

Recognize that some of your wife's hobby also checks required labour boxes like some basic home maintenance and child enrichment activities. So while your desired activity is checking only one box (relaxation/recharge) she is multitasking. It's not unusual for some productive hobbies to get a larger share of time just because they achieve other goals simultaneously (ie, someone who loves to cook or bake might spend more time at the activity, but there was still a baseline of time required to that activity to begin with).

Other hobbies, can be prohibitively expensive or require getting a group together for extended periods, and for that reason, get far fewer hours really dedicated to them.

***Equally valuable*** **and worthy of respect is NOT necessarily the same getting** ***equal hours in the week*** **dedicated to them.**

If you need more downtime, ask for it clearly and carve it out, but I think tying to fight for "if you spend X hours in your garden, then I get X hours to veg out" is really missing the point entirely and setting up a false comparison where you are going to come out looking petty and foolish, even if you are expressing totally valid need for more relaxing time. That need should be respected equally, but it doesn't necessarily mean the same number of hours should be booked off.
It sounds like a core incompataiblity. 

If, by recent, you mean a few weeks, then perhaps allow a bit more time for her to sit with the idea and consider it. 

But if by recent, you mean a few months of dating, then she's not responding from a place of surprise or having never considered this at all, she's just telling you straight up she values being closer to her family and you're not compatible. 

You need to date closer to home. People with established lives are unlikely to move just for a relationship. For most people. there need to be other motivators as well bringing them to your area to make this successful.
You're telling these guys they aren't worth a $20 non-refundable risk once per month.

They are gonna find that hurtful, and your refusal to commit earlier for better seats as disrespectful. And that's valid. They are your Plan B. You're making that totally clear.

Maintaining healthy relationships involves some cost and some compromise. If you're not willing to eat this cost or manage this compromise, then you're probably gonna damage these friendships and you might not maintain this connection. It's not complicated. It's something you have to decide and you have to address. 

There is no magic spell that makes them 100% okay with what *you want*. What you want is hurtful, and not respectful of what they value. If you cannot find a compromise or accept a risk, then you need to opt-out and join in a separate seat/order once you're ready to buy. That's the non-asshole approach.
Dude. Suggest someone else manage the purchase if your priorities and planning don't fit with the group's preferences and needs.

Be gracious. Be a grown-up. It's not disrespectful to have your own system. It is disrespectful not to be open to change when they say it's not working for them. Address the feelings and the issue in the obvious way: You're not the right one of the three of you to be buying the tickets. Maybe someone else should do it.

The judgment you're heaping on them for just, being different people with different preferences and priorities than you, is just really petty and mean-spirited.

The point of the thing is to not be an asshole with people in your life you want to keep in your life.

You *are* treating them like Plan B. And that's fine, but stop getting your knickers in a knot because they have the audacity to *know* that you're treating them like Plan B.

Hand over the responsibility of booking the tickets (and maybe, the transfer of the account itself if you're a real mensch) to someone else, and accept that if you get a better offer some Friday and cancel on them, *you* might be the one out the cost of your movie ticket. If you hold steady on this, you're torching your friendship and disrespecting something they really value, over the possible cost of a few movie tickets a year on your end.
I mean, I think it's a bit embarrassing when 40-year-olds use IG as a public record of their spank bank to be perfectly honest. 

But the insecurities issues are your own. Speak to your therapist about those. 

If you're not going to request different boundaries on socials from your partner (which you could certainly do, and they could say yes or no) then don't go looking for things you know will only make you unhappy. Exercise some self-control, and keep working with your therapist.
You don't want to spend time with her this week. You didn't plan to. You don't want to. It doesn't just seem that way. It is that way. And that needs to be okay. 

Stop accusing her of malice. If, on some level, she did do this to get more time together, then simply make that plan fail. Spend your time as you planned too. Take a walk or a ride on your own. Meet up with a friend. Encourage and agree with her that she needs to manage her mental health the way she thinks is best -- and largely leave her to it -- just because you're not at work doesn't mean you are available as a caregiver at all times.
You're being immature and petty. The only difference between these situations is your ego was the one bruised this time, and your motivated reasoning to define it as somehow a bigger betrayal, but your choices were innocent. It's total bullshit. And you ought to know it.

If you want to be with her, actually with her, stop being a chicken shit and do the work. Stop stringing her along. Stop allowing yourself to be strung along. Either be together, now. Both of you stop pressuring others in any way. Or don't. 

No one else can tell you what choice to make, or promise you it'll work out, but the obvious, glaring problem here is that you two keep stalling out 'on the road' to a relationship. Shit or get off the pot.
You are 19. It might suck, but you need to do better than this. Even if you were paying her rent, you’d still owe another human being in the house you’re staying in a bit better than what you’ve expressed here. 

Boundaries are good. Assumptions she’s trying to control or manipulate you — without any evidence — are harmful to everyone involved, including yourself.
Frankly, your mom comes across here as even more toxic than the new GF.

I understand being uncomfortable, and having boundaries, but you also need to realize that you have the power to decide *not to feel guilty or obligated.* You have the ability to accept a gift like a young adult, and acknowledge when nothing but basic friendliness is expected in return.

In the future, if you feel this strongly about rent, you need to make the agreement about rent before you arrive. Once you're there, if she says you're a guest and you don't need to pay, there isn't much you can about it. Maybe buy the three of you takeout once a week as a way to acknowledge and thank them... 

**Until and unless this woman actually does try to hold her gifts against you, find a damn bit of chill.** That doesn't mean accepting everything she offers, but it does mean acting like an adult house guest and not an angry adolescent who isn't getting their way. 

No store should be telling a total stranger about another customer's purchases or habits, but sending them photos and asking them to ban her is just silly. You may embarass her out of it, but did you really think a bookstore is gonna refuse her money?

This woman might be annoying, and you should keep doing the dishes and keep your eyes open for other ways to contribute to the household, but you also need to take it down like 9 notches, and stop assuming malice just because your mom has her knickers in a bunch.
This makes me wonder if your BF believes that all familial relationships are basically *woman's work* and that you should just be making this perfect for him without him needing to do anything at all. 

My ex and his family was like this. Just a few months into dating they found it appalling that I picked up a Mother's Day card for my own mom, but didn't get one for his mom, who I had met once. Basically, they were fine with him forgetting birthdays and events when he was single -- "just a man, can't be helped" -- but as soon as he had a GF they all assumed it was the GFs job to keep track of these things...
You're not at all crazy! I don't know what the red flags were, but assuming you were not telling nasty lies about him, then you made a very normal, human mistake and most healthy people understand that venting/anxiety in a new relationship isn't the same as the relationship being all bad or toxic. Your family has given every sign of understanding that. 

So for him now, the simple answer is Yes.

**Yes. I am holding you accountable for your current choices, to reject my family's invitations and opportunities to build a relationship with them. Yup. I am putting the responsibility for your current choices, the ones you are making today, on you.** 

He's entitled to his feelings. It may be awkward or uncomfortable at times, but fundamentally what this guy is telling you is that you're not worth it. Your family and your family events aren't worth him putting in the work. Or really, *any* work, to move this situation forward.

At this point, you have to acknowledge he may not want this fixed. Not really. He may just enjoy his blanket excuse to opt out of any adult responsibilities towards your family and nothing short of treating him like King Charles will be considered acceptably "friendly" to meet his standards.
Your BF is being extremely weird and I suspect he doesn't want this fixed. On some level, he's enjoying lording it over you.

It's not all normal to expect your adult's GFs family to text you or call you to chat.

He is invited. That is how your family is welcoming, and it's appropriate. He's invited, and he's refusing to go because it's not "good enough". That is childish, to say the least.

You've done what you need to do it.

Your family is inviting him in.

It is *his responsibility* to show up and be himself. A nice version of himself.

That is literally all he has to do, and he's refusing to do it.

You made a mistake, years ago, but everyone involved besides him is being reasonable about it, and ready and willing to move past it with just a tiny bit of effort required. 

It's becoming another, and very real red flag, that he is not willing to show up for you and do his part.
There is no shame in being a bit thirsty but save yourself some drama and don't be shocked when a 20-something hook-up *behaves* like a 20-something hook-up.

One of the benefits of being in your 30s is *supposed* to be not getting so hung up on this bullshit anymore. If you want to sleep with him, tell him so and invite him over. Ya want to date him, tell him so and suggest a date. Not half as complicated as you're making it.
Eh, your mother doesn't have high standards. She's bigoted and biased and stigmatizes mental illness and divorce. (Who says "broken family" is 2023? A family changes, often for the better, after a separation of unhappy adults.) 

I'd much rather date an adult who sought treatment for mental health issues and is now stable, than an adult who never admitted they needed help. It can cause issues, but most of those issues arise from the refusal to seek treatment and acknowledge the problem. If he took the right steps and is stable now, I wouldn't be concerned. 

Thank your mother for her concern. Then follow your own judgment.
You need to walk away.

Either she is too immature and unstable to offer you a healthy relationship, or she is actually abusive, and using these threats as a tactic to get the behaviour she wants out of you, to keep you insecure and chasing her approval.

Frankly, it sounds like it's the latter. She is doing this just to maintain control, and keep you too scarred to ever ask for or expect better for yourself.

But either way, it's not a relationship you should stay in.
Two things you need to accept:

1. This isn't the life you want. He's not offering you what you need, and you do need a partner who isn't an active addict.
2. You don't know he'd be a good partner otherwise. That's a fantasy and a hope, not a knowable thing.

You're gambling with your life, and it's a bet that might not pay out even if he does get sober, which he is not doing.
Not your circus. Not your monkeys.

You said your piece, and I'm sure you meant well -- at first.

Now it's time to stop badgering these adults with your opinions and judgments. They are doing just fine. You need to handle yourself.
Three months in and he's dismissive and unable to handle conflict.

This wasn't just about your issues. This is about his issues. He may not have consciously weaponized your vulnerability, but he used it to avoid addressing his own shit, or his own inadequacies.

Don't overthink it. It was three months. A perfectly normal amount of time to really like someone, but realize they aren't offering what you need in a partner.
Each couple gets to decide.

But practically speaking, if you are legally married then your money *is combined* in many ways -- even if you have no insight into it.

Asking for some exact % of change on one day seems entirely beside the point and not really all the helpful information. Unless he's selling today at some sort of major profit, it's not really information that means much... 

However, asking for enough transparency and knowledge so you could take care of both people's financials if they were in a coma for six months, that's my rule of thumb. I have never combined finances, but we have shared retirement goals we update one another on at least one a year, and we make sure the other person knows enough about our accounts/insurance/debt/etc to that if one of us was in a coma for six months, what needs to get taken care of would get taken care of. 

The fact you're feeling insecure and uncertain about your future is a problem that needs to be addressed.
If you don't want to date someone whose ex is also a close childhood friend, stop dating that person.

You're giving this guy way too much power. He's not an evil mind-control wizard. If his existence was an issue in the past, it was an issue for one or both of you. He didn't "make" the relationship spoiled. You two didn't maintain it.

You've told her -- with your actions -- that you cannot be trusted to respond reasonably to her friendship with this person. Not even in a group setting. So now she hides that friendship and her choices because she doesn't enjoy how you treat her when you are met with that reality. She's not unhappy with her boundaries. She's unhappy with your behaviour. 

If you need her to observe different boundaries, you can ask for them clearly. Trying to shame her into doing what you want by saying she's "not respecting herself" is gross. If that is what you think of her, don't date her.
People who pressure you are asshats.

I didn’t drink from 19 to about 26. Having fun with people who are drinking is definitely a skill and a practice. I never felt like I was missing out on “being wild” because it was actually the loss of control I didn’t enjoy, but I definitely felt less interesting or plain. It’s hard to remember that they are the ones being irrationally confident — you’re fine. 

To hide among the drinkers I’d ask for a coke is a short glass, and people assumed my drink was a rum and coke. It’s a pricy way to fake it, but in groups where I didn’t feel like explaining myself it works. 

People who aren’t asshats, aren’t really thinking about you at all.
Yes. It was terrible that partners urgent care and months in hospital costs us less than $2k outta pocket and we are  both now back at work as a productive and healthy members of the community instead of me being broke or even homeless, and him being dead. 

Also hate my basic physical autonomy, as a person who may experience an unwanted pregnancy some day.
Some will. And he’ll be peddling “male supplements” and prepper supplies to make ends met, like Alex Jones, if his do not compete allows it.

Tucker was bad habit TV. Most people will replace the habit, they will get their hit, but they aren’t necessarily loyal to Tucker. They’ll be asking their friends where they get theirs now that the guy with good stuff is doing 2 years in federal, same as any addict.
It really just sounds like he’s listing the ways a lot of men loss a lot of money. 

The amount the guys I know lost on crypto put my scented candle collection to shame. They’d have been better off scrolling Instagram.
This is rude and inconsiderate behaviour of those around you. 

Given your age, there is a risk someone will say something nasty to you. And nastier to her for "letting you". 

I would suggest you keep sexual touching private. You know this touching is sexual, that's why you're enjoying it, so keep it private.
I honestly don't understand.

No one involved here seems to think anything happened except that she invited an old friend, and a friend of a friend, to a different public gathering of many friends. 

All that I can see here that might have happened, is your dude friend wanted to stir up some misery and drama in your life and found a super lame and weak excuse to do so, which shamed you into a breakup. 

After two years I wouldn't assume my GF wanted to fuck someone else just because she invited him to an afterparty. It's weird you seemed to. However, if that is what you thought, then it's best to be broken up.
Being upset isn't getting you anywhere. You need to start to be very clear about when you will be prioritizing your own family -- even without him -- and when you would like him to put his phone down and be present with you. 

You've allowed a dynamic to form in this relationship that you are not happy with. You need to tell him plainly it's not okay, and it's going to be re-negotiated. You will be spending your time a bit differently, and he will be expected to be respectful of that.
Dating is really hard work. It's worse than finding a job. It sucks.

But you did have really good dates! That is what happened and it's what should happen if you're mature and self-aware. You should have mostly "good" dates, but "good" isn't good enough to build a lifetime of romance and compatibility on! And that is okay. Most good dates, after two or three of them, are gonna result in one of you saying "Eh, you're good people but you're *not my person*."

If you're having largely good dates, that's perfect. That's really great! That's what you want. If you were mostly having totally shitty and disappointing dates then you'd need to seriously re-evalute your choices.

All you need to do here is realize it's *work*. It's hard work. It is often disappointing work. It takes a shit ton of time outta your day. If you are really burnt out on the work, take a pause for a few months and then come back to it. Resilience is the name of the game for you. Resilience and remembering that "good" doesn't have to be "good enough", not for them, and not for you.
I'll take you one further: Employees and clients do this. Schoolchildren do this. Human beings do this. It's a normal part of human relationships forming. Sex and love isn't the only place we're looking for compatibility and understanding of boundaries/terms the engagement!
I have never shited tested on purpose, but I've had two guys accuse me of it, and they were both totally own goals. 

One, I asked plainly about his views on abortion (mine were right up front in my profile, and I don't date men who disagree with me on this subject) and he refused to answer because it was a 'shit-test'. So I unmatched and moved on.

Then I had another guy accuse me of shit-testing once because he suggested a restaurant where I had previously had an allergic reaction, so I suggested another, nearby and very similar where I could eat more comfortably.

He absolutely went off on me about shit-testing him and game-playing. If it hadn't been so spooked by it, it'd have been really funny. My only intention was to have a pleasant meal I could enjoy. 

Both cases, they created shit-tests out of normal, direct human communication, by failing so utterly.
Then I'm with u/DFahnz.

I don't know why you're trying to force this after three months.

You're calling her controlling, demanding, and unkind and thinking she can't/won't change these patterns. If your assumptions are unfair -- you shouldn't date her anymore anyways. If your beliefs are bang on - you *definitely* shouldn't date her anymore.

You've had fun for three months, but that was casual, intellectual fun. I wonder if you are a bit more attracted to the idea of the clever concert pianist then the actual woman who is there. The life you actually want to live day-to-day does not sound like it's going to be with her.

EDIT: It always depends on the dog and the situational trigger, but definitely make sure you encourage other adults who visit your home to help you by immediately becoming 'unfun' if the dog jumps on them. Any big reaction, positive or negative, reinforce the behaviour. If the dog is smart enough to know the behaviour is undesirable, you start rewarding them for better choices (ie, a greeting that takes place on all fours, or a good "back up" or "off"). If you're really struggling, get a pro involved.
First things first: The dog shouldn't be jumping on anyone. That actually is a training situation where *perfection* is the fair expectation. It's up there with no biting. One dog lover to another: You need to step up your game. The expectation of not being jumping is not excessively demanding or controlling -- especially not if you two want to be parents with this dog in the household -- and is one you should be working seriously to meet by the time the dog is a year old. Very, *very* few of my dogs were still jumping with any frequency by 1 year old.

The second thing is... you don't actually sound as independent and confident as you think you are.

You sound like you're taking good advice/feedback/expectations when she gives that, but call it 'demanding' when you don't like it, instead of saying "You're a smart woman, but no, that's ones not for me. Thanks."

The fact the dog kept her up *is a problem*. A problem that should be solved by a simple "I'm sorry the dog kept you up. I understand that was really unpleasant for you. It'll happen sometimes, but we do need to minimize it. Next time, please wake me up so I can handle the situation and we can all get back to sleep."

I think you need to step back and realize your girlfriend's directness and transparency can be a good thing when you meet it with equal transparency, confidence, self-knowledge and directness. 

Maybe she is a deeply toxic and unkind person trying to change you! Maybe she's abusive! I really cannot tell. What I can see here is that you take what is useful to you, and get quietly pissed with her for what you don't like and try to force yourself to accept it. You also need to learn to take the good with the bad, and stand up for yourself clearly when you disagree with her. That is when you will know if she's just a forceful person with decent conflict resolution skills, or an abusive bully. 

At 3 months, you probably also want to have some of the tougher conversations about what life together would look like: You want a dog for the rest of your life. They are a member of the family as much as a child. Be clear that that dog won't be re-home for any reason except extremely and immediate safety situations (ie, the dog starts mauling people). You're 39. You should also think of some of the other dealbreakers it's time to discuss plainly, like plans and values around money or homeownership or faith and family.
You can mute the chat. Or leave it. And tell them why.

It's just not a positive and healthy space for you right now. It may be what they need, but it's exactly what you need to take some space from. They aren't doing anything terribly wrong, you just need to stand up and leave the front-row seat of a show you're not enjoying.

Ask them to reach out to you via other channels when they want to get together, and thank them for their support and understanding. 

You need to be willing to take care of yourself. No one else is gonna read your mind and do it for you.
I agree. We don’t need their language or framing.

We have a lot of healthier, gender-neutral words this phase of a human relationship where boundaries are tested and we figure out another out: Storming, Doubt stage, Hide and Seek stage, the Power Struggle, the honeymoon hangover… 

And men do it plenty. I’m dealing with a new hire who cannot string 10 words together with “shit-testing” his coworkers or managers. Either we’re going to move through this phrase, or we’re gonna dissolve the relationship. This isn’t “evil women”, this is a normal social strategy you can observe in a kindergarten classroom. 

The way the PUA/incel defines “shit testing” is inherently malicious and immature and only assigned to women, but in reality it’s a normal part of human relationships forming, even in the workplace, and it’s can be benign or even helpful.
He’s abusive.

When someone says “You _make me_ be cruel.” There is no grey zone. That is the battle cry of the unrepentant abuser.

He feels entitled to call you nasty names. If he uses the threat of breaking up each time he’s not getting his way, that is also a common abuse tactic. This will not get better and might get worse.
You explained fine. He choose to double-down on accusing you. These kinds of misunderstandings are frequent in relationships. It’s a red flag when a man of 30 cannot handle them without making absolute, absurd accusations. 

Tell him that is not fair or true. If he cannot accept misunderstandings with a bit of grace and respect, you shouldn’t be wasting your time with him.

Either he is terribly immature, or this is a tactic he’s using to keep you “proving yourself” and feeling insecure in the relationship. Either way, you should expect better.
Your BF knows how he treats other women at parties. He assumes all men do the same. 

This isn’t just the controlling hypocrisy of it. It’s also him telling on himself: He knows how he behaves is wrong, but feels entitled to it. 

Don’t dare someone who feels entitled to behave badly.
You can’t fix a person with poly. It requires even more open discussion about boundaries and comfort, not less. Someone who busts boundaries and neglects their partners feelings and doesn’t communicate openly in a monogamous relationship, isn’t gonna suddenly start doing those things right in a poly on. 

I think you need to have a serious think about what you’re trying to fix in this relationship.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Let it go.

You didn’t go any further than they did. 

Tell your husband that being a bit embarrassed or uncomfortable is totally understandable — just like you were — but if you can have a laugh about it, surely he can as well.

If he’d like to discuss how you can both observe different boundaries about privacy and sex in the future, that’s great. Have _that_ conversation about what is off limits.
You’re not concerned that your BF tried to negotiate a poly-eqsue situation with another woman staying in your home, without talking to you first? Because that’s a bad start…

There are Reddits specifically for polyamory and non-monogamy, and you might get more advice there, but I have had open/ENM relationships most of my life and frankly, the way your BF behaved with you and with a vulnerable woman staying in your home does not sound the least bit ethical. I wouldn’t “offer” a person anything if they tried to create a threesome, or more,  without talking to me, their partner, first.

It sounds like you’re trying to manage a man who you know will cheat on you. That’s never a good place to come at this from.
It’s a fairly common fantasy that fuels a huge percentage of the science fiction and fantasy stories we have… 

Can you explain a bit more about what makes you uncomfortable about these conversations? Does she want to do harm to certain kinds of people? Does she not listen to feedback or is pushy with her friends about her imagined authority? 

If she is basically expressing impossible wishes for the world to be kinder or safer for other people — and doesn’t see that happening — I think she’s probably just at an immature stage of a social justice conscience and I really wouldn’t worry about it.
Certainly have a back up plan in place.

This man is controlling and abusive. He may also have a very genuine sensitivity, but the way he’s addressing it is not acceptable. 

I would suggest you tell the wife you will no longer be cooking. It’s not comfortable, or reasonable, for you to feel like you’re taking a risk each time you feed the children. It’s cannot be your responsibility if this is the behaviour that is going on in the home. 

I wouldn’t be willing to stay till September, but if you do, definitely have a back of plan of a quick, safe place to stay. This is a pretty toxic situation and you want to be able to leave quickly if needed. You should not feel secure here.
Yeah. That’s how most bigotry works.

Basically good people need to be on guard and thoughtful, or they end up reflecting and acting on it.

Intent is nice, buts it’s not everything and it’s doesn’t cure anything. Kindness is work. Not a hope. Not a feeling. Not an intent. A thing you have to actually do.
So you have no advice. You have a shallow pedantic platitude, that is vague shaming and silencing of totally legitimate boundaries, and criticisms  for the others sincerely trying to help.
The sister did. Her parents decided her cooking wasn’t “up to par”. 

Perfectly reasonable that she stopped trying to contribute in that way if that is the feedback she got.
If he lost 11 lbs in a month. He probably needs to speak to a doctor. That is what you should be on him about. Immediately. 

No one is refusing to feed him. 

He’s refusing to eat. 

He’s hypercritical of both your mother and your sister, and he won’t eat. There is food! He has a car. Arguably knows where stores are. He appears to be competent and can solve problems in his life. He has chosen not too. 

You cannot fix this, but try to find a doctor who’ll give him a talking too. (And, to build that relationship incase there is something else going on here medically or cognitively.) Tell your father he’s an adult and is capable of keeping himself basically healthy. It is disappointing that he is blaming others for his behaviour and you are concerned for his health if he doesn’t change his actions.
No. He’s almost certainly not.

He is almost certainly toying with you because you haven’t told him you’re not a plaything, but a colleague the same as any of the men. 

Take a huge step back from him. (Avoid hun like the plague when booze is involved.) This is not your friend. He’s using his wife to get a green card. He’s using you to feel good at work. 

This is not safe emotional investment or a wise move for your career. You’re becoming a subject of office gossip. Huge, huge step back from this personal connection.
It’s not a positive conversation. He treated OP in a way that is unacceptable — the only reason it’s _a conversation_ is because it is out of character. 

If you have advice, offer it, but I don’t believe in holding people’s hands when are being cruel. I start with “I think this is cruel. And I need you to stop it. From there, we can move forward.”
I mean. There is almost certainly some misogyny going on here: He tried to demand she make herself “ugly” so she wouldn’t rebound too fast. That’s not happening in a vacuum and suggests he’s got a few concerning ideas about women and men going on here. 

But yes, if something isn’t a pattern better to start with a firm “This is not okay. We can talk about what you’re going through and what you are feeling, but you need to know I am not going to accept being treated this way.”
Is dropping by his desk for an actual chat a possibility? 

Personally, I really don’t think it’s that rude to ignore a non-work related chat for that long. I’m an avid user of Slack, but my expectations for responses are entirely different if I’m asking a work question or if I’m asking how their cat is doing…

But you are right. It is a struggle to make connections without some text chatting. Perhaps it would help to give yourself an assignment and carve out a few minutes in your day to catch up with text messages? You may never enjoy it, but if you treat it as a necessary task that needs to be performed in order to maintain social connections… you can probably do it fine.

Meeting people to date is really more like a shitty part time job than a fun hobby. I don’t think there is anything wrong with admitting that and just doing the work to get you where you want to be.
I am shocked that suggesting you should trust your wife she speaks was so upsetting to you.
It’s strange that you’re arguing for nuance and the need for thoughtful consideration of communication while not be able to exercise much of either… but it’s clear that you’ve been triggered too severely for me to be helpful. Good luck.
As is your right with advice.

But you asked, and she confirmed she was serious. You still don’t want too risk it with your career.

You’re right! You’re not being a rational actor. You’re trying to leverage your assumptions about her mental state and emotions — assumptions that are the exact opposite of what she clearly said — in order to justify the choice you want to make. It’s a reasoning flaw. 

All I’m advising you to do is make the choice without the part where you treat her like she’s the irrational and untrustworthy one. You don’t need to make assumptions about her feelings, to be honest with her about yours.

By all means marry her. But don’t try to read her mind to get the outcome you want. Be transparent with your mind. There is nothing childish about that.
Don’t marry someone you don’t take seriously when they express their needs. 

Say No, if the choice is No — is the risk is too much and you need to stick to the plan, say so — but own that choice for yourself and stop trying to justify it by demeaning and condescending to her, and telling yourself it’s okay to not believe her when she speaks. That will come back to bite you.
That’s a lot of words to say that you have a type.

You probably should be way more concerned that you’re repeating toxic patterns in your own relationships, then you should be that people of a similar age in an similar area connected with another as friends…
Open with that then. “This is extremely out of character and I’m not cool with how we left it. I’m deeply concerned you’d behave this way and I’m looking for a reasonable explanation for the totally unkind and unreasonable way you’re treating me right now.”
The only thing they can do is try to tell the GF. Which puts them back in the line of fire for their abuser.

She doesn’t have the information she needs in order to protect anyone here, except herself. 

So no. I don’t agree that is likely to achieve anything, or that OP has a responsibility to set herself on fire over things she cannot prove or protect anyone else from.
He probably is. I’m sorry, but you’re right. 

Unless that’s a crime where you live, then there is nothing you can do about it. Even if it is one, there is probably still nothing you can do if he’s just showing then to friends and not posting them publicly. 

That’s a reality you’re going to have to live with. It shouldn’t be. I wish I could stop it for you but I can’t. The safest thing for you is have absolutely zero contact of any kind, with him or anyone close to him.
Tell him this doesn’t wait until you maybe get more serious. He has an intelligent, high-energy breed he needs to be taking proper care of right now, and proper care includes training. 

If he doesn’t take it seriously now, he never really will. Maybe he’ll let it be your job, and he’ll resist you every step of the way.

In your position, I’d be brutally clear: I cannot respect people who do not train their young dogs to be safe around people and dogs. The fact he’s decided to just not bother right now, is a real mark against his character.
There is no crime to report.

It is extremely unlikely bringing your concerns to his new GF will do anything besides trigger harassment. 

There is nothing productive you can do. Sometimes bad things are just bad, and there is nothing to do about it. 

You need to block both of them, everywhere. You cannot punish him or save her.
That is a bizarrely shallow and controlling sentiment he’s expressing. He wants you to make yourself (in his mind) unappealing to other men out of respect? Yuck. Does he also expect you to be wear a black veil for a year and then purples and greys for at least six more months after that? 

My BF and I were joking about death recently and he told me to use some of his life insurance to buy a really good vibrator if I didn’t feel like playing cougar right away. 

I would suggest you _not_ try to make this right. He issued an amazingly petty shit-test. Tell him it was both bizarre and unkind for him to try to dictate how you might theoretically grieve… like he doesn’t trust you to be actually devastated by his death? He needs to imagine you’ll also need to make yourself (again, he imagines) ugly to ensure you don’t immediately start dating again? That insane.
Break up with him and end all contact.

He cheated because he wanted to cheat. Nothing you ever did _made him_ do it. You didn’t cast a spell. He’s a person who can choose not to be shit. He choose to cheat and he’s telling you he’s gonna do it again. 

This will all make a lot more sense when you stop talking to this manipulative piece of shit person.
I think it’s silly not to accept what is basically market rate from your GF.

If you stick to your plan, and she’s truly not comfortable with it, then she’ll simply end up paying more elsewhere anyways. 

You might also consider connecting with any schools/colleges in the area and trying to find a short term lodger. 3-6 months. I did this a little while to supplement my income, but so as not to commit to anyone long term. Where I live they also pay a bit more, and if there is a serious problem you can let their school know.
It’s just compatibility. 

Telling the truth did exactly what it is supposed too. 

It was better to find out now, than later, that you were. You’re going to be incompatible with lots of people for one reason or another. If you were incompatible in this way, it’s _absurdly_ unlikely that you were magically perfect for another in all others. These things tend to spill over.
Ah. Thank you. You too!

Although in all honesty, mine is so far behind me now I really don’t look back at it with anything a sense of humour and gratitude that I stayed basically safe. Part of current awesomeness.
My little brother made the mistake of pulling this "Women wouldn't fight in WW3" bullshit on us last week. 

He has Type 2 diabetes, asthma and is near-sighted. He will have a desk job. Every single one of his sisters is way, *way* more likely to see combat than he is.
I don’t know who the imagine that housework is being done for… like, just for ourselves would be grand but not economically viable. The exact opposite happened last time. Industry ramped up. The women went to work.
I’m sorry you went through this. It does suck, but it really wasn’t about you. It was all about him being able to keep the mask up until anything was expected of him besides easy _words_. 

Am I right to assume his divorce was really resent and he’s still very bitter and inexperienced at living alone? ‘Cause women his own age probably wouldn’t touch him with a ten foot pole if he was acting this way. They would definitely bail the moment he accused them of being emotionally abusive — like his ex. Now you know as well what to listen for. Take the lesson, but don’t take it personally. It’s not about you. It’s about him still performing his old toxic patterns — he’s not trying to avoid them in you. He was trying to enforce them on you.
Can see why this man is a divorcee who picked an LDR with a woman a decade younger than him…

Don’t take it too personally. Be proud of yourself for confronting him on his shitty, inconsiderate behaviour! That took some stones. It’s not a cultural thing. It a selfish person thing. Tell him it’s over and then block him. Don’t bother trying to explain anymore. I’m sure his ex-wife told him over and over again until she lost her voice.
No shaming of sex workers or sustained celebrators intended!
I remember my hook up years, when my standards were rock bottom and I was chasing self worth through dating and casual sex… 

And 3 new men a week who could string a sentence together and brush their damn their teeth? While also working 50 hours and being an adult? Impossible. Absolutely not happening! Not one week ever. Not if I spent every waking moment swiping and chatting. 

I know a few sex workers and I don’t think even their average week includes three new clients…
Our bodies don’t exist except as products on a shelf…
That’s gross. I really hope that is an ESL issue because this is not a respectful way for him to speaking about these women. And it sounds like both have some difficulties with respecting the women in this sport.
If you sincerely believe your partner is targeting women in his sport to perform violence on them when he’s angry with you, then you should not date him. 

We cannot read his mind any better than you can. If that is what you think of him and his temper, act accordingly.
No. You cannot find out. You have trust and respect, or not. 

If you sincerely believe your partner is targeting women in his sport to perform violence on them when he’s angry with you, then you should not date him.

Because that appears to be what you are saying, and you must see that is an insane thing to think about a person and then stay with them.
Except you don’t. Not when you assume he’s letting them win, or they are fundamentally of less value to him as a competitors than a man would be. Respect isn’t a claim, it’s a practice.

Do you want to be an athlete and wrestle with men?

If not, then yes that is a possible hypocrisy, but it’s also picking a fight about something you don’t even want for yourself anyways. 

You need to get a grip. If you trust him, trust him when he tells you what is normal in the sport he practices.
You are misunderstanding a culture which should be rooted mutual respect and sportsmanship — and often is. You are underestimating how much skills can matter, and you are severely underestimating these pro woman. No one is “letting them win”.
Women participate in the sport with men and his explanation is plausible. With nothing else to go on, these women deserve your respect as athletes. 

The issue here is not the sport. 

If you otherwise trust him and your conflict resolution remains healthy and productive, I would advise you to let go of this entirely.
Love it. 

Even if we assumed every single woman on OF was an active creator of sexual content and was an American woman between 18 and 35, ya still get 1.9% of roughly the 55 million American woman between 18 and 35, with an OF account. 

And they aren’t all American! Or all selling sex. And only an even smaller minority are active… So even with the most generous take on this, it’s less than 2%. Roughly the same percentage of women who leave their Christmas-tree up till February.
Strange way to tell us that the algorithm knows you’re not interested in content from women, unless they have an OF.
All in all, you’re dating a person who doesn’t have much bandwidth or skills to deal with a normal disappointments and daily struggles in his own life — and judges and mischaracterizes your struggles because of his own limits and lack of awareness. He may not be consciously projecting, but it doesn’t really matter. End result is the same even if he’s not malicious about it: He has been consistent about telling you what support he can offer, and consistent in his refusal to seek treatment. 

He’s not being consistently kind. You’re not compatible. 

As a 25 year old who has embraced treatment and learned the skills she needs to find success in her own terms… you probably actually have _less in common_ when him than you do many neurotypicals.
You apologize.

You acknowledge you’re both angry, and that being angry with him for not waking you wasn’t entirely fair. 

You admit that while it’s not his job, you probably should be asking him for the favour of the occasional wake up — because you have a medical condition you cannot perfectly control. That’s not making it his job, that is asking for his support with something that isn’t his job. 

And you probably have to do some listening to some frustration and unhappiness he has as well. He’s probably pissed too. And he’s got about the same rights to it as you do.


And then you probably talk to your doctor about some sleep aids, if you’ve already done everything you can on your own to manage your sleep hygiene.
Yeah. You’re the asshole here.

If he had agreed, that on this one day he would wake you by X time so you two could stick to your shared plans, then you’re be justified in being angry with him for not doing so.

But that’s not what happened. What actually happened in the vague plans kept on shifting and he didn’t really know what was to do when you fell back asleep. He likely felt, rationally, that he was gonna piss you off regardless of what he did. He didn’t have information to act on. “Feelings” are not instructions or directions to be woken, or left to sleep. 

Right now, you’re pissed with him for not doing something he didn’t agree to do, which you didn’t ask him to do, and both agree he fundamentally shouldn’t be expected to do.

Being disappointed in the situation is totally fair. Being angry with him was not. You’re both frustrated with something medical right now, that neither of you can perfectly solve. 

You need to ask for what you need clearly. I would suggest, in the short term, being clear with him that if you’re sleeping through commitments _with him_ you would appreciate him waking you up so you can keep those plans.

He cannot be your human alarm clock everyday. But he can and should be able to come and get ya when you two have agreement.
That’s not totally fair.

Men also use it against men when it’s convenient to them to argue that all men are biologically programmed to be unfaithful or sexually violent.
The “loss” part of this is what is wildest.

Any half-way sane woman hearing that would be calling a lawyer and opening accounts without his name on them. People loose their jobs all the time. Someone who raided the family saving account to immediately pay off their employer is not just “getting laid off”. 

This guy seems to thinks “loving him” means turning off your rational brain and walking joyfully in to the jail cell beside him.
“I have this theory that women aren’t bullying one another enough anymore, to create enough insecure women willing to date me. So, I have to get way better at lying to women to work around the amount of mutual respect they have for one another, and now expect from men. I tell extravagant lies like “I respect you and acknowledge your value as a person.” Instead of ugly truths like “You actually have no value as a human being if I don’t find you personally fuckable, and available.””
“I fucked up at my job so badly I was fired AND I was financially liable, and paid it from our savings (cause ya know, we’re married it’s probably not just “mine”) but no let’s not discuss it further and I’m gonna just chill at home for the next two weeks while you panic and … Hah. Not! Psych! lol you should have seen your face… wait, why are your bags packed?”
Without knowing what the thing is, it’s impossible to form much of an opinion on the risk to the relationship, and if your anxiety is something you simply need to manage yourself.
Your boyfriend is nearly 30, doesn’t have his life together in the least, has a history of cheating and instability in general, and is 100% going to sleep with this woman after moving in with her.

Get yourself sorted. Find an affordable for place for yourself and a job. If you’re going to school, you might find they have resources to help you find a room, or a job that fits with your schedule. Most schools want you to keep paying tuition, so they may have some advice for you. Definitely call them and try to find someone to speak to before you move back to a parent who isn’t supportive.

When you’re 29 you’re gonna look back at this guy at his choices and his emotional manipulation and your mind is going to boggle. 

Keep on loving him if you want… But don’t be an idiot. Keep your financial and home life completely separate. He can’t be trusted partner when it comes to money or a place to live.
Dude. You got rejected by someone you chatted with for a few days, whose intentions were right there in her profile. 

This isn’t a pattern. This is not a “friendzoning.” (And you are far too old to use that word). 

This is a person who was always offering you friendship, and you were disappointed by that. 

Given your feelings, you should probably decline her offer of friendship.
You cannot fix this for her. She needs to acknowledge it is unhealthy and do better, for her own sake as well as the relationships.

And that is really unlikely to happen.
You’re being played.

He’s in debt. Deep. Which means you are too. You need to stop the bleeding,
You flirted with an ex. You did cheat. Anyone sane would consider that a violation of the relationship agreement…

Stop being a dipshit. Admit what you did. Recognize that getting dumped for it is perfectly fair reasonable.
It’s strange that you wouldn’t begin with “Husband I want to work towards a mortgage, and to do that I need to have a better idea of our financial position — and that includes the business. Lets book some time to sit down and go over the financial situation together with the accountant.” 

The fact he’s being vague is what needs to change. Deal with that reality. Don’t tip toe around it and work behind his back. That’s isn’t going to fix the problems here. The finances are only half the equation.
You’re in an abusive relationship. 

He’s escalating because your dependency is escalating. He doesn’t have to work so hard to mask his behaviours any more, now that he has you trapped.

This will continue to escalate if you relocate. He’s not looking for a way out. He’s just stockpiling ammunition for the exactly the sort of combative and abusive relationship he wants to have with you.
Deleting the texts was dishonest when you have an open phone policy. That’s a mistake. She could have reasonably understood he’d want to know she was in contact with this person and she choose to hide it. She violated the spirit of the agreement, even if not the “the letter”. 

It’s not great what she did — if she was here I’d be telling her not to date someone she needs to ‘’manage” like that — but his reactions is the real red flag here.

She doesn’t have to be perfect, for his reactions to be deeply concerning.
I actually agree with this 100%. That is what everyone should want and need. 

But you seem to refuse to realize how your behaviour is not communicating that or making much space for that. 

Your behaviour — if it’s anything like it’s been in this thread — is communicating that you need to be managed and pacified, because you cannot control yourself very well.
We read what you wrote man. We’re listening and discovering your girlfriend was right to be concerned you wouldn’t respond reasonably to messages you don’t like. 

The only smart thing you did throughout this, was take a huge step back when you realize you weren’t behaving yourself and you needed to go cool down. I suggest you do that again, because this isn’t a problem with explaining to your girlfriend why you’re mad… That makes perfect sense. We all understand why you’re mad. The place the miscommunication is happening here is your refusal to recognize that she made a reasonable choice to withhold information that you apparently cannot handle. What she did was wrong, but her judgement was correct about your ability to take the information in calmly. It was the wrong choice, but it was a totally logical one. And you are refusing to acknowledge that, which will stall transparent communication in the future. 

The problem does not appear to be her understanding what she did wrong. The problem is you, realizing that she was totally rational to be fearful of having this conversation with you, and you reassuring her and showing her that you can accept upsetting information without acting like an enraged toddler.

If you can’t turn to her and say, I understand why you made this mistake, and I can promise you that while I may be mad at times in the future, I will behave, rationally, and in a way that will not make you feel unsafe, if you need to share information with me that I don’t like. As long as you can promise me to not repeat this mistake and lie to me to keep me from being angry.

Edit: Again, that is if you believe her. If you believe her about what the texts were, then also believe her when she said she assumed you’d be mad - extremely and irrationally so. If you need her to end contact with this person, ask for that. If you don’t believe her, break up.
Yeah. Cannot imagine why a 20 year old might be fearful of giving him a message he dislikes. /s
Can you really not see that you are coming across here as totally unhinged and irrationally angry? I wouldn’t want to talk to you face to face when you’re bringing this energy! No one would. 

If you suspect cheating, break up. If you don’t, grow up. 

This makes perfect sense to anyone who isn’t used to using their anger as a tactic to control others. Get a grip. Stop throwing a temper tantrum at randos online. You asked for advice and the obvious advice is : Even when you’re right and she’s wrong, you cannot bring this kind of rage at her and expect transparent communication in the future. That’s not how people work. 

I don’t even know you and based on your words  here I’d be worried enough by your lack of empathy nd emotional regulation to not want too.
While she made a mistake, I can see why she doesn’t trust you to behave reasonably with this information. 

You’ll never know what really happened here.

But, if you believe her that it was nothing, then you need to work on being someone it’s safe to communicate with as well. She was wrong to do what she did, but it was a tactic to manage your anger and anxiety for you and this experience will have only confirmed for her that you couldn’t be trusted not to explode at her had she told you first. 

While nothing you do will stop someone who really wants to lie to you or manipulate you, remember that most of the time you have some ability to teach people how to treat you. Be careful about teaching her that you are irrationally angry and have to protected from bad news at all costs.
They grew up together. The sister and the H were likely in the same grade. Sister saw him as a brother figure. It wasn't unreasonable for her to assume her little sister saw in the same way. She was just incorrect.

It wasn't OP's problem before, and it's also not now.

OP said there is no pattern of malicious behaviour from her sister. There is just a perspective and it was good that OP got a moment to address it.

Not everything one person doesn't like or agree with, is some sort of monstrous violation.
Just let it go.

It's her opinion. It's not an insane one. She asked. You answered. 

She's not being cruel to either of you. There isn't really a problem here. It can be okay for someone to love you both, and have those sorts of questions.
Your plan requires a relationship. Being a housewife, generally requires a 'breadwinning' partner. 

There isn't a problem here unless your family is not respectful of your relationship, and how you and your partner choose to organize your lives. 

You're 25. If you have a goal for your own life, work towards it. You don't need your parents to co-sign on it or pat you on the head. It'd be nice, but you need to learn to cope without it. They are entitled to their own opinions and perspectives, and you are entitled to ignore them.
>if I didn't work so hard, she would be very disappointed in the situation it would lead to.

I think you're projecting your own concerns about your role as a provider and you both are going to keep to accept things in your lives need to be compromised. It's not just her.

If you are hiding from her the real costs of your choices as a couple, financially and emotionally, then she isn't making her own choices and compromises with the full picture. So yeah, based on the limited information and understanding she has she might be disappointed, but unless you think she is a fundamentally really selfish and ignorant human being... then that is a matter of understanding one another better and being partners, getting on the same team. It's not a matter of you failing her.

It might help you to consider this:

How would your wife survive if you were in a comma for six months? Does she have enough understanding of the financial situation to be able to keep things together? Would she know where to find the passwords? Or who to call if she had questions about the accounts? Because for both of your sakes, she should. If you have taken on so much of the burden of understanding and doing the "providing" role that she wouldn't be capable for six months... then you haven't set her up for success. That is a failure for you both. You're all in danger, if that is the dynamic that exists right now.
Acknowledge that yes, you are prioritizing the game and No, you don't want to go for drinks. 

You want to stick to your plan and relax on your own. It may involve playing a lot of Star Wars, and it may not. Either way, you like your plan and you're sticking to it. 

Sometimes the easiest way to deal with a fight, is not to fight. Acknowledge she's correct: You are prioritizing that game over going on a date. She has accurately understood, and that is okay!
He has told you plainly he doesn't care about your needs and will not even be discussing them with you, as if you are an equal or a person that he values.

How you communicate isn't the problem here.

You're not his priority.

There are no magical phrases you can use to convince him. He's decided already.

He has decided he doesn't have to listen to you.

Anything you say will be labelled wrong, or disrespectful, or mean.

You will never, ever win. He has already decided you've lost. Everything he is saying now is just designed to keep you afraid, and shut you up about it, so you accept the situation he prefers.

Wanting to see your partner weekly is reasonable. He is not offering that kind of relationship.

That's the reality. You need to stop thinking he's "just independent". He's an asshole.
This is probably the core of it.

He suspected he couldn't give her an inch, without her demanding a mile, when it came to any communication during this time.

Instead of recognizing that as the huge red flag it really was, he tried to enforce this maximalist boundary. Drawing to a head the fact they are not compatible and she is not someone really, anyone, should be dating.

OP got to the right outcome, but he could have probably wised up a bit sooner and gotten there by a smoother path... if he just thought "Hey, I should probably date someone who you can respect and understand when I can only have a very brief contact during this week..."
I also dislike like hyperconnectivity. I can go a day or with low or no contact with my SO no problem, and I don’t want to date someone who couldn’t. 

However, one or two texts during a week, especially in the context of a young relationship, is not hyperconnectivity. It the basic maintenance of a human connection.
I agree that a healthy secure relationship should be able to manage a week of no contact. 

However, that wasn’t what this was on either side. She was absolutely not healthy or secure, and OPs inability to fire off a sentence or a damn emoji one or twice over seven days from the toilet, also doesn’t speak well of him. He wasn’t deployed or studying the ice in the Arctic. He made a choice not to give his new relationship, 30 seconds of maintenance and consideration, even once during this time. My father travelled and trained like this all the time. He usually called once, for less than 15 mins, and spent 10 minutes on some break sending a postcard. The bar doesn’t need to be that high. 

And 20 years ago was only 2003. We all had email, many of us had flip phones, and we still had pay phones and post cards. It was not that unusual to make brief contact with your closest people during holidays — which again, this was not.
Yeah... We also had different standards for dental hygiene too. The mind boggles.
If you’ve got legal protections you can seek, you could report him.

But if you don’t, keep your head down and survive. Find someplace else to go and thrive where bigots are not given so much power over you.
Break up are usually a healthy kind of selfish. Like I said, a relationship shouldn’t be a hostage situation. If you want out, then you should be out. Even if your reasons are irrational! If you want to break up, you still should.

It’s normal to feel bad. We never _enjoy_ hurting someone else.
A break-up isn't a negotiation. You're not stuck with her just because she doesn't feel like moving back home.

And a relationship shouldn't just be a convenient social arrangement or a hostage situation. 

Break up are really hard and disruptive, but if you don't want to be in the relationship anymore, it is the hard work you need to do.

No one here can tell you for sure *what it is you want*, but the reasons you've raised here for staying together (it'll suck at parties, she doesn't want to move home) are really shitty reasons to keep working at something you seriously do not want any longer.
All you need to learn from this is that school and workplace computers are for school work and professional work. And that personal questions and research should be done on your own time.

You know there was plenty of bigotry and bias at play here. We all know that. We all know that gay men are people, and they can fall in love and choose to be couples. That isn't porn. That's dating or romance, or *being human*. There is no reason to try and read other people's mind's and try to poll how many people online are gonna get offended. Stupid people exist. Bigoted people exist. We cannot pretend they don't and it's just beside the point: The point is people are assholes and school computers need to be used for school work.

Anytime you are on a device or network owned by your school or employer, assume you are being watched by someone and that someone doesn't care about your intent, and might be an asshole.
You need to speak to a therapist.

You're carrying a lot of resentment towards your wife, but it boils down to a broken dynamic and your own struggles advocating for yourself. A lot of this is about the expectations you're placing on yourself. You're also clearly just burnt out on *parenting*. You really are describing being a fully involved father -- which is great. But yeah, that's like the time a baby takes. The labour division might need to be changed up, but that is the work. 

I am not saying she's perfect, just that you need to do some work to approach these important conversations from a more balanced place, for your own sake. It sucks that the person with the bigger problem and the larger amount of work, often has to be the person who adds a bit more work to their own plate first, to start the ball rolling, but I think that is where you are at.

You got a big ball of stress, burdens, resentments and twisted dynamics to unravel. A lot of it is based in your expectations of yourself -- some of which seem pretty excessive to me -- and the partnership dynamic you have contributed to with your wife when you really lock yourself into a provider role instead of a partnership role. You should speak to a therapist about priorities, and how to start which conversations with your wife.
Dude, you need to find a new story.

All of this "My dad was poors! The girl of my dreams was stolen from me!" is *a story*. A myth. From the outsider's perspective, there is basically no truth in it all. It's just you trying to project and assign your insecurities and jealousy to these other people without any rational basis.

You need to stop clinging to a story that says you're life is over because you "missed your chance" in your early 20s. That's toxic. It's not what happened. Ya just experienced a bit of standard rejection. Imagining she'd have fallen in love with you instead if you just had a guest room is really absurd. It's time to actually accept this rejection, without writing a starring role for yourself in an epic tragedy for the ages. If you cannot manage and reject these thoughts yourself, bring them to a therapist and let them challenge this bullshit.
Doesn’t change that it would be a really big ask for a lot of people — even healthy and secure ones. 

But, all you can do is be glad you found out quickly this woman was not healthy or secure. Try to put it out of your mind as well as you can. There is nothing you can or need to do until after your exam.
This is creepy.

Lots of people like to leave their desks at lunch.

Do you really think she’s have a 20 minute fuck in a busy parking lot every afternoon? You need to get a grip and talk to your wife.
There is nothing here to discuss. Escalating, baseless accusations of cheating should be an absolute dealbreaker, even if the rest of this was not.

However, I will say that with someone who behaves better than this, a full week of radio silence is probably not good enough to support many relationships. Certainly not a new one. A few texts throughout the week would be a reasonable ask from a healthy partner — but this woman wasn’t that anyways. So just keep her on mute and deal with the break up when you return.

Good luck with the exam!
You're replying as if I called BF the best ever who can do no wrong.

When what I actually said is this obviously sucks and I have no idea why she'd want to keep dating him with all this drama and distrust after only one month.

When someone brings out the worst in you in terms of insecurities, paranoia and controlling tendencies you just *get the hell away* from that person who brings that out in you. No matter how much I appreciate she is genuinely and legitimately hurt, I also think this is a *terrible version* of her! And there is probably a better version, who is more secure and mature, who is dating someone else. So we don't need to demonize him when he does something pretty damn reasonable. You just get away before the bad dynamic messes you up even more.
I would refuse to date someone who expected I'd be constantly available to them via text.

I don't check my phone with I'm having a meal with other friends, or when I'm at a concert or a play. I'm out. With people. And those people, or that art, will get my full attention. If I don't go the bathroom, or need to call an uber, I'm not really looking at my phone and it's on silent. I will sometimes have workdays where I don't respond to any personal texts that aren't absolutely vital, for a full 12 hours. My job is not the kind where you carry a phone on your person at all times.

I don't know your relationship, but I think he did the correct thing in setting the expectation.

You are being distrustful, and a bit controlling, and looking for every detail of his night.

You might also be being misled.

After a month of this sort of drama, I don't know why you'd bother continuing with someone you feel this way about. It shouldn't be this hard. For either of you.

You have some insecurities to work on if you're going to date like a busy adult with full lives, but he also might be a shitty BF. It's impossible to say, and it doesn't even matter. This much drama and distrust after only a month? This clearly not working for either of you.
This was utterly juvenile bullshit. I wouldn't want to be friends with either of you and I'm not sure why you want to go on being friends with her, after she spun this shit on you.

You realize she's using to you test/bait/punish her boyfriend right? You're not really her friend -- she clearly doesn't actually value you in her life that much if she takes dumb risks like this and then cuts you out when they play out poorly. You're a tool she's using to treat someone else like shit. 

You cannot do anything except, if/when this comes up again, admit you were wholly and completely wrong and childish AF. No excuses. No explanations. Just a straight-up "I shouldn't have done that. Was shitty. I am sorry. I don't know why I was so fucking stupid as to imagine it was at all funny."

Cause you were extremely stupid, unkind and you have no defence here.
Walk away.

Trust doesn't work on technicalities. He chose a very *convenient* lack of transparency.

And he's shopping around. Which may be "technically" fine in your agreement, but you should leave him to it. He doesn't need to cheat, to be sorta shitty.

Multi-dating is common, but isn't usually a stage that lasts into the five or six months range, unless you're non-monogamous/open. So this isn't cultural, or about multi-dating really. This is just a low-key not great human being who is comfortable enough with you, and enjoys the benefits of being your sorta boyfriend, but is not willing to commit or move forward together.

After five months of casual but frequent dating, it's time to move on. He doesn't communicate to the standard you should insist on, and he's either just not that into you, or he's a real shithead. Either way, time's up.

You could ask him for a greater level of commitment and involvement in one another's lives if you'd like, but I wouldn't. A nearly 50-year-old man who chooses the 'easy white lies' for himself, where he *technically isn't betraying* anyone else, is just not what I'm looking for.
You're never gonna know. 

The best thing to do is not waste any brain power on it.
That's not cute or clever. It's awkward. If I did like a guy, a joke about 'other men' and multiple personalities would turn me right off...

Just tell her what you actually want. And then you'll find out.
It is rude to expect to take anything home from it.

This one is pretty cut and dry: You're right. He's wrong. He has misunderstood the situation.

It is not appropriate to go into a meal train visit/event with any expectation you will leave with *anything*. A host may offer, if they have too much, or things will spoil too quickly, but the expectation is rude and inappropriate. The point is to gift them food. They asked for your company *as well*, but the point/agreement/expectation is still to gift them food.
It's been six months. It's time for a check-in.

Ask him how the saving towards buying into your house is going? (We all know the answer is, it's not.)

Tell him you're not comfortable moving forward with him if he doesn't provide more clarity about his debt situation and repayment plan (because you shouldn't be). 

Stop tip-toeing around his stress (ego) and tell him plainly what you need from an adult partner. 

He *needs* to be stressed and pressured. That is what he should be feeling right now. He's misled his partner about his finances! Having stressful conversation full of pressure is how you succeed at a life partnership. If he crumbles under this pressure, and cannot at least make a focused efforted to keep his word to you about money, then you absolutely cannot have children with him.
You need to stop thinking of yourself as a provider and start thinking of yourself as a partner. And a partner doesn't say "Oh whatever you think/need/want. I'm sure it'll work out!" when they are in, fact, not at all sure of that! A partner speaks up clearly about their own needs and limits and concerns. A partner, isn't such a damn pushover.

I'm not surprised you feel like a pawn right now. You have accepted that role. You are following that script.

While she may be inconsiderate, or poor at budgeting, or have any other set of negative qualities... She's not here right now. You're here asking this questions and reading these answers. Right now, nothing *she intiates* is going to save *you from* the self-imposed consequences of your own choice to not speak up clearly about your preferences and needs and feelings.

You need to be confident enough in yourself, and have enough faith in your marriage, to say what you actually think. In each of the cases above you told her to make her own choice, and then resented her for doing so.

Moreover, if she is the one taking on the work of planning all of these trips, you actually may need to step in with far more concrete plans if there is something you want to be prioritized. I could be wrong but the " "If you can find a free weekend..." response sounds to me like it might have been a "You do the work. Don't make me plan yet another thing..." Stepping up and taking on a larger share of that mental labour and planning for family (or couple!) trips, might be a good way to address both of your feelings of being left out or neglected and to start approaching this subject as a team with a shared plan, instead of all trips being primarily her projects.
It's not that strange. This is just you being attracted to the people you see as peers, and it takes experience to properly identify your peers. Most teenagers cannot know what they do not know, which is the whole reason some laws apply to them. The laws are a bit arbitrary -- but society has to pick a line, so the line gets picked and we organize ourselves and societies permissions and expectations of young people around it. 

But seriously, don't date a 30-year-old. It's healthy enough for *you* to see them as a peer, but that is a lack of experience on your side still. There is something profoundly and deeply wrong with a 30-year-old who sees you as a peer, no matter how wonderful and mature you are.
You need legal advice. This isn't a relationship issue anymore.

Don't contact him. Not yourself. Not personally. Not ever.

As I said: Not a relationship issue. you have *no relationship whatsoever with this person* anymore. You are not consenting to any relationship or contact. Any contact you have no should go through the lawyers, or law enforcement. (Or, at the most, a professional message in your capacity as a professional, offering to purchase the domain at a reasonable rate, but not offering to sell your 'friendship' or any personal contact whatsoever.)

Reach out to a non-profit that supports abuse or stalking victims. Access some legal advice.

Or, more pointedly, don't worry about it too much and build your site with the same kind of accessible variation of your name that most people named John Smith need to figure out. Link it in all your bios correctly and Google/SEO will quickly figure it out, and send people looking for your full name to the site that is actually populated with content.
So... that is the exact problem I'm advising you to address.

You need to have a conversation. One where you try to understand her perspective, and not one where you try to make her perform to your expectations. Seeing it from her perspective involves listening and understanding her choices. You don't seem to have managed that on your own, so have that *conversation* with a professional involved. That is the only thing which will tell if you're are still compatible or not. 

She's a person first and you are actually working really hard to not have to see it from perspective. There is nothing here in this question that says you have heard or understood her perspective. You simply report her actions. If you saw it from her perspective, you'd be willing to talk about her goals and concerns about stopping her education or her work. You're treating her goals and values as if they are just bad habits she needs to break. Taking a class isn't 'stuck in your ways'. It's not a bad habit. Being uncomfortable or unwilling to be a SAHM is not a bad habit. It's a *huge* leap of trust to put in the working partner.

I feel for you. You are working really hard, but you're not working smart when it comes to your relationship. There are obviously major issues in how the housework and childcare is divided, but you've taken such an extreme and close-minded view of it I'm not shocked you two cannot even communicate about it anymore.

If you decide she is nothing except the 'mother of your daughter', and that her employment and school work are just bad habits she's stuck in, then she's not your human partner any longer. Your relationship will and should end if that is your attitude towards her, and you will be solely co-parents.
Look, even if he had any reasonable discomfort talking about his partner, he actively hid inappropriate conversations with another woman. (And even looped his parents into the situation? Gross.) 

You know he was full of shit, and weaponizing your mental illness against you. Try not to stew on it. There is nothing to learn here, except to end things sooner. And that is a lesson only experience can teach you.
I would back way up and get both of your butts into couples counselling.

And individual counselling for yourself. This is not all about what you can do for them.  *You* need and deserve support, which they are probably not well-equipped to offer at the moment. Please make sure you get it. 

You need a counsellor who is experienced with queer/non-binary patients and respects ethical non-monogamy, but put a big old ***pause*** on actually practicing any openness or non-monogamy. Coming out one week, having a crush and pursuing an open marriage the next is not a healthy timeline for anyone involved here. Not them. Not you. Not anyone else unlucky enough to fall into to either of you in this bumbling sorta openness you're considering!

The best way to support them is to be healthy yourself, and to sort out your own needs and goals. Some selfishness on your part isn't an attack. It's an important next step towards a relationship that genuinely serves you both in the way you each need.
Take some space apart if you can. Get tested, and ask for his records.

Gather the information you can, but recognize the information you already have is pretty damning: Your husband decided to be ignorant about this to make his own life less *embarrassing*, even if it meant putting you at risk. It's a deadly serious breach of trust.
An STI is not a bodily function. It's a transmittable illness. 

He chooses to believe untrue things about a transmittable infection he had before they become sexually active, and throughout the marriage -- that could be easily disproven by a Google search or transparent conversation with a doctor --because the false information he had found was *convenient* to him.

He exposed her to increase cancer risk with her knowledge.

That is nothing like "lying" and saying it was the dog who farted.

That's like exposing someone to an increased cancer risk and genital warts without their knowledge, for years.
It's been seven years.

Are you gonna spend the rest of your lives together refusing to accept and trust your partner to select his own friends?

You can always leave someone whose boundaries and morals you don't respect, but you choose to stay and have continued with that choice. Stop pretending to yourself he's gonna turn into someone else. 

He's picking these people and he's gonna go on picking these people. Make peace or GTFO.
It seems you two didn't have a solid agreement on child care and finances, prior to the baby arriving.

You made offers to her that you thought were generous and proper, but offers are different from mutual agreements. You're both very much adults. You need to have conversations and make agreements.

You had very traditional expectations/hopes of her, and she's clearly Noped the hell right outta that. You cannot force her to perform the way you want her to. She has to agree to it. She has to want that, or at least accept it, and feel secure as an adult who is dependent on you in order to stop working, or delay her education goals. If she isn't willing to do that, you cannot force her. You can just choose not to be her partner. 

You might not be compatible as partners, but stuck with one another as co-parents.

Couples counselling would be wise. You two skipped over some important conversations about the division of labour and finances, and you need to have them now. You don't seem to have any understanding here of what is motivating her to work or to get an education. You don't have to agree with her or even like her choices -- she can be an outright terrible human being for all I know! -- but you're stuck with her, so it'll help you to understand what she is thinking, so you can have a real conversation.

Sounds like you are probably fundamentally incompatible and that there is also a huge lack of trust here. Once you realize your life would be easier as a single parent, that's generally the direction it heads in. But even still, a couples counsellor can help you navigate the split.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

The point of love languages isn't just to get someone else to speak yours. It's to pay attention and understand them when they "speak".

My boyfriend doesn't speak words of affirmation very much, but he knows they are important to me, and he tries.

What he does do is tidy my kitchen and pick up my grocery list, meticulously, every time he's over. He 

If you're not happy, leave the relationship respectfully and honestly, but don't forget that love languages are also about *listening*. Not just demanding your preferences be met.
Your husband lied to you.

For six years.

The first thing you do is go get tested. Vaccines are almost never 100% percent, and Gardasil protects against nine of the common human papillomavirus (HPV) types. There are more than 150 types. While the odds might be good that he has one of the more common types that the vaccine may cover, your husband was wrong (and monstrously selfish) to assume the type he had was one the vaccine covered. He has absolutely no way of knowing what type. I very, *very* much doubt he spoke to a doctor who gave him the advice that you were fine and it was a-okay to lie to you. They almost certainly said your wife needs regular screenings. 

You are utterly justified in requesting any evidence you wish, but you might need to have more fundamental think: Even in the best-case situation -- where he didn't cheat, had this from the beginning, and assumed you were immune -- is this okay? Is that really all that much better? He chose to keep himself, and you, ignorant of the reality of the situation and the risk, for a decade because he rather protect his ego than your health.
I sincerely hope no one in your life is ever in need of support regarding abuse. This is a truly, heartbreakingly, horrible take on reactive abuse.

Mutual abuse is rather rare. The actual power and control dynamics rarely permit it. *Reactive abuse* is almost always present in any abusive relationship. This is textbook reactive behaviour from OP, after facing years of manipulation and blame-shifting. 

Reactive abuse is pretty basic and can exist in any abusive relationship between people, parents and children, friends, and even employees and bosses. 

You think you've got some special insight because you're being contrary, but it's just ignorantly sticking to a narrative that is as old as time itself.
A break is almost always a slow-motion breakup.

You're already on that path. You may care for her on some level, but you don't respect her behaviour or decisions, or even trust her intentions. That's not fair to either of you. You shouldn't be trying to force yourself into a relationship with someone you have those feelings about. 

Be honest enough to admit to her that you don't want a break, you don't want to be in this at all. Break up.
You're 36. You owe it to any woman you date seriously to have this shit figured out better than this. I expect this kind of dithering from a man a decade younger than you. No one here is going to have the exact answer for you, except to tell you that yes, it's high time you put in the work and figure this out. 

Speak to a therapist if you need to sort out your own thoughts and come to conclusions you can live with for yourself. It's no longer reasonable or fair to put this all on 'finding the perfect partner', and a rational person should probably realize that if you're "unwilling to sacrifice everything to make it possible" then it's probably not going to happen. Because for most people, having kids does means sacrificing a hell of a lot. 

Ignoring for a moment that having a much older biological father actually *does* impact the outcomes for the infant in some ways... Because more importantly, unless you are independently wealthy, time does run out in a *practical* sense. You'll probably want to retire, not still be paying for school trips or tuition into your 60s.
Don't engage with this person. They are not interested in your safety. They are interested in attacking you on the basis of your gender.

There will be time to reflect on how you can make better choices. Right now the choice you need to make is to prioritize your safety above all else.
The moment anyone punches or throws anything, the other person is at serious risk of harm.

So the relationship is over.
No one has to behave perfectly -- not women, men or children -- to deserve not to be abused.

Emotional manipulation deserves a breakup. Not a screaming match. Not a hole in the wall. Not the real threat of escalating physical violence.

What is deeply sexist here, is the idea that men are not capable of facing big, difficult feelings, without resorting to violence. They are. Men are sensible and capable of dealing with big feelings, and even break ups, without being abusive. Without screaming bloody murder or making inane accusations and transparent attempts at guilt tripping, without punching walls, or people. Most of them pull it off just fine.

Men can be capable of dealing with these moments without violence, when they (and others) expect it of themselves. 

Hopefully, at some point, you will stop thinking there is anything people do that means they deserve to be abused.

EDIT: And yes, men are even capable of leaving emotionally abusive partners, without violence.
It's insane to think this is 'apology' territory. This is escape plan territory. 

He is not sweet. Sweet is the mask he wears when he knows a sensible person would leave his abusive ass.

Your BF's emotional and verbal abuse has escalated to the first steps of physical abuse. People who will hit objects, to scare and intimate you, are warming up to hit you. 

It may not happen tomorrow, but this man has been telling you over and over again that he is willing to hurt you to keep getting what he wants.

Don't ask for an apology. Plan the break-up and then execute it quickly. The most dangerous moment for a person leaving an abusive partner is when the abuser realizes they are losing control. That is why the violence escalated when you told him it wasn't working.

Look up the cycle of abuse, and then plan your exit from this dangerous situation.
Did you read my last paragraph dude, where I spelled out that you should expect and ask for the same? and advocate for yourself? Cause it sounds like you’re retreating into resentment instead of doing the work to communicate your own valid needs.

If you rather have your martyrdom, that’s what you’ll get.
Sure bro. And for decades we thought women couldn’t have autism at all — because they weren’t disruptive enough.

It’s almost like there is just way, way more pressure on women to mask and perform whereas men get to indulge in their eccentric genius myth.
It’s the main thing going on in her head right now.

Your response wasn’t just unsupportive, it was cruel. 

A complete “no exam talk” rule is telling her that she has nothing to contribute at all at the moment, and you expect constant performance of ‘good girlfriend’ and good girlfriends aren’t allowed to be stressed out. 

Instead, create exam free zones or times. Over meals, while you’re in bed together. Make space for other another separate from her exams. 

If you’re feel silenced about your own stress or exams, use the same guidelines. Learn to ask for what you want as she is now, not punishing her for not automatically have given it to you in the past.
People are gonna pile on you telling you not to take is so personally -- and while that isn't wrong -- it doesn't mean his behaviour is kind or considerate.

You don't have to want to be the one who is constantly ignoring or managing someone else's every passing negative feelings, or be doing all the work to redirect your partner's inconsiderate bids for attention. They need to do the bulk of that work themselves. Those are their feelings. Primarily their job. It's okay to ask for more kindness and consideration in how you're spoken to in those moments.
He's a grown-up. He should be able to manage his disappointment better than that at a tiny little, totally predictable and justifiable hiccup, where he doesn't not immediately receive what he wants.

It is reasonable for *you to be disappointed in him*, for his lack of that emotional regulation skill and not showing you more consideration.

You're not "controlling his emotions" by being disappointed in how he is managing (or not managing) them. You're telling him that there are times, like when you are in the middle of work, when you expect him to moderate his behaviour and handle his emotions himself. Not dropping them at your feet like a dead mouse like a cat, and getting pissy you're not proud of him for 'expressing himself'.

You would probably do better not to his feelings on yourself so readily -- but I don't think the problem here is an equal one, or a just a misunderstanding -- he's not being considerate to respond with anything besides "Okay hun. Love ya. Talk later!"
Oh. I have *so* many strategies for being/appearing "busy". 

But I hadn't thought of "Have you seen so-and-so since they were back from vacay? I think they were asking after you..." A few strategically placed comments like that might stop the "be friendlier" vibes I'm getting.
Strange. I thought biologically we both basically based on 50% of our genes? 

It's almost like a sense of entitlement and refusal to be a full participant in childrearing isn't rooted in genetics.
Well, if he is, then he apparently knows you well enough to know it'll work... 

Why is this taking up *any space* at all in your brain? 

Why are you trying to read your ex-boyfriends mind?

You're newly married. Ya really got nothing better to do?
It's a date. If he wanted a professional connection he has linked in, or could track down your work email.

You matched on a dating app. It's a date.
He's only sure there is nothing she can do about it once the way the baby is there, not for a few years.

Once heard a guy at work just straight up admit he say it that way: She can't leave me while she's on mat leave anyways, and then she'll be too busy. so I'm probably good until they are in first grade at least.
You're overthinking and these assumptions aren't gonna help you any.

Ask the dude out yourself.
I realize this isn't the best advice, but you're describing almost exactly what ended my long-term relationship.

My ex didn't want to make the changes necessary to be a parent himself. He assumed I'd do the work. More than what I was already doing. He wanted kids like he wanted a Steam Achievement or a trophy from the local beer pong league. He wanted to cuddle them while they peacefully slept, not take the day off work when they were ill. Show up at championship games, but not to have to figure out the carpool schedule for the weekly practices. He just knew *his life* wouldn't change much, because surely his job paid more so it would be more important. He shrugged off the changes he was insisting I make to mine.

Women get shit on for going "baby-crazy", but I know far more of this type of guy to go "legacy-crazy". They don't want to parent. They want to check the "I passed on my genes" box. Don't be a vessel for his ambitions. If he wants to be a parent, he needs to be a partner first and address your perfectly reasonable concerns and standards.
You cannot *make her feel* something.

It's not about you.

She's been clear. She doesn't like it. Don't pester. Stop pretending there is some magic spell you need to recite. She doesn't like it.

Frankly, I don't send photos either by enjoy receiving them there. I just don't feel safe and confident sending anyone, any nudes at all. Ever. I appreciate that other people are comfortable with this, but I'm not and I'm not going to do it. It doesn't feel good. It's not exciting or fun. A guy who behaved like you are, and created all the pressure on us both trying to "earn" my comfort would be extremely annoying and not someone I'd want to date.

You could be the most trustworthy human being who ever lived, and I'm still not going to do something I don't want to do. She shouldn't either.

If you don't enjoy leaving your comfort zone for her, then stop doing it.
You only had a foundation of five months. This was the likeliest outcome of a sudden separation and she was clear with you: She is overwhelmed and needs to focus on her deployment. 

It doesn't mean you did anything wrong. It means this situation was not conducive to a stable and healthy connection continuing to grow.

Cry it out. Eat some sugar or some carbs. Don't beat yourself up that an objectively tough situation in a very young relationship didn't pull through for you.
Most people, not just women, want to feel desired.

It's not about being a douchebag or being rude, it's about being expressive and transparent that you're into her sexually.

The relationship might be doomed. You might be incompatible.

Regardless, you're far too old not to realize that very few people -- men or women -- enjoy sex with doormats. We pretty much all want to feel our partner has got a full, rich life they want to share time and energy with us. Not that they are desperately clinging to us and have nothing going on besides the relationship to which they give all thier time and engery. We pretty much all want to feel our partner really wants us and is excited by us, and isn't so terrified of rejection or offence that they won't express that.
This is abusive behaviour. Consistently, baseless accusations of cheating are a tactic to keep you trying to 'prove yourself' and service his needs. He's set up a sisyphean task -- it'll take all your energy to defend yourself, and you never actually will.

It may be time to tell him that you refuse to be played like that.

You're willing to work through his anxieties, with him, but not for him. If he keeps trying to make this your job to solve a problem that exists solely in his head, the marriage is going to end. Maybe not tomorrow, but sooner or later. You cannot maintain a marriage where you are treated this way.

Ask him to see a doctor/therapist on his own. It's a sudden change, and he needs an assessment to make sure these fears/feelings are rooted in a physical or medical issue. Do not agree to couples counselling unless he is willing to speak to someone himself first, and he is willing to be accountable for his behaviour. If he doesn't do those two things, is is very likely he will just use what he learns in couples counselling to refine his tactics of abuse.

And it's probably time to have an emergency plan. Know where your important documents are and know where you are going if you need to leave quickly. You need to consider the possibility of real danger.
They are probably not legally married because he is on record as believing the government ruined marriage with things like "no-fault" divorce. 

Unpleasant as she might be, it's hard not to feel for a young woman having a child with a man who has gone on record as believing she is property and should have no legal right to leave him, ever.
Looking through your replies here… I had given this guy way to much benefit of the doubt. 

You are being lied and strung along. Hopefully that certainty makes it a bit easier cause sheesh. This isn’t even a case of “not that into you”. This is a clear case of “shitty person is  fucking with you, stop letting them.”
I don't think your wife has ever had a 10" dick. Or toy. Or a bruised cervix.

Very, very, very few people actually want 10 inches of insertable length. Seriously.

Play stupid games. Win stupid prizes. 

This was a stupid joke. That you started. Get a grip and let it go.
Do we need to insult her appearance? She doesn't look 35 and rationally, we know she's not. And she's not behaving online as if she's much above 17.

She can be a deeply unpleasant person, or even a bigoted and hateful person, and still be in a relationship with a seriously problematic power dynamic with a man who appears to be nearly 10 years older than she is and openly discusses her (and now his unborn daughter) as property.
She's already the second wife. 

It's part of his origin story: His first wife was seven years older than him, and apparently started cheating and doing sex work two years into their marriage.

Maybe the first wife was abusive. Maybe he's full of shit. We'll never know, but perhaps recognizing how the age gap impacted his first marriage, he goes out and finds himself someone about a decade younger than him to toe the line.
He doesn't have to be a narcissist to be doing you real harm.

And No, obviously you should not let him come crawling back.

And, it's not ghosting if you tell him what is happening. So tell him you're gonna sort out the leave, then as soon as you're not legally bound to him you will be blocking him and never want to speak to him again.

Call a tenant's rights organization in your area and then the leasing office. The quicker you move to invalidate the lease, the more options you'll have. Tell them this strategic truth: Your ex-BF was misleading you and it's no longer safe for you to move in with him.

All of his exes are crazy. All his exes will aways be crazy. He makes sure to drive them crazy. Get rid of him for good.
The baby is still in utero and he's posting about how she won't be allowed to leave the home until she is married, or go to college, because college is for "skankroos".
First Lady of the Manosphere, one might assume. 

Before or after ones' eyes roll right out of ones head.
Not having the papers isn’t unusual. 

Coming up with several different versions of the story for not having them is. And a young man spending several days without his phone, in a hospital, after a fall where he only has a bruise to show for it… that does strain credulity.

Don’t call his bluff. Don’t play detective. This person has barely been in your life a few months and you’ve found them unreliable, dishonest and only reaching out to you when he needs validation or assistance. 

Just end it cleanly.
Act like nothing happened, because nothing has changed. 

It’s not like he’s gonna tell your Mom that he’s a serial cheater. 

You’re both showing up for the meal because you’re young people respecting your mother as host. That’s it. Just do that.
You don’t have to be terribly smart to be an effective manipulator. Toddlers are _effective_.
We really just cannot know the legal ramifications in a case like this. The parents may not have been legally entitled to visitation, or the care team could have advised against it. 

Does it look bad from the outside? Hell yeah. Am I gonna damn the parents... No. They struggled for nearly a decade with a seriously ill and complex child. Needing to surrender a dangerously mentally ill family member to the state is a devastating decision. A child, even more so. Whatever they did wrong, there is no question they have suffered.

OP needs to make the best choices for his own health, but hating these people isn't productive from a bunch of online randos.
What are you doing to manage your anxiety?

Because while I think your mother is being unkind and silly not to just let you be responsible for your own laundry, this is not really a rational risk-management strategy.

And when anxiety crops up in this sort of way, it's usually pretty damn prevalent in a bunch of other ways too.
Or even just... indigestion.

*You ate too many spicy wings and are feeling pretty uncomfortable? Burpy or gassy or something? Well, let's just put you in a possibly uncomfortable position, and ram my body inside of you repeatedly. Or maybe a lot of bouncing. Yeah. You could do all the bouncing instead! What?! But Why Not?!*
It would be unkind to ask.

It's perfectly acceptable to say No. It's just not working for you.

Don't worry about if you're enabling them or not. Just stand up for yourself. This constant short-term loaning is exhausting and uncomfortable. You don't want to do it anymore.

If she wants to let you know what is going on, she can confide in your or not. But either way, you're not a cheap pay-day loan officer, so quit that job.
Are you in a relationship or a hostage situation? 

He's basically holding a gun to the head of the relationship and demanding you fuck him or he'll shoot it dead.

But it's already dead. Tell him he is right: You're not compatible. You're an adult who is capable of compassion and non-sexual affection as well as sexual affection, and he's just not.
This relationship is over.

It doesn't matter how right you are, if you continue to attempt to punish her with demands of payment, the relationship is over. And you'll never see the money.

It's not about who has 'the right', it's about the actual reality. So just face it. 

Consider £800 an expensive lesson that this is not the person you want to move forward with, as an adult partner with more and more serious obligations and expenses. Continued grievances about the debt are only going to hurt you more, not make you any wealthier.
Your ex is an abuser and a manipulator.

I honestly wouldn't believe a word he says about his Dad. I'm sure his Dad is hearing all sorts of crazy, untrue stories about you.

The facts we know are that your 30-year-old BF went from mooching off his Dad, to mooching off you, to mooching off his Dad again (maybe as a super cheap baby-sitter). 

Wise up. This man is already ruining your life slowly. It's not gonna get any better. You'll never appease him. He wants to abuse you. Nothing you send him will ever convince him to stop doing the thing he wants to do. It can only get worse. Keep records and be prepared to get the police involved if needed, but end all contact with your abusive ex.
I think bringing this question into a group session, with people who know you a bit better and have at least a bit more similar experiences, is a great idea.

In the end, your therapist is right. This really is about what you want to do. Connecting with your family will be hard work in a lot of ways. You don't have to do that work. 

At a glance, it seems your family recognizes that, and is open to having as much or as little interaction as you'd like. 

This really is about whether or not you want to have any kind of personal relationship with them. Most people are gonna suggest that it's probably worth the work to try to connect with them, at least a bit, because even just a very few personal relationships are pretty really important to human happiness. However, this just isn't a question anyone else can answer for you. In the end, this decision belongs completely to you, and that does make it tough. Especially if you've spent a long time institutionalized and under care; You may not have a lot of experience with big choices that belong entirely to you. And this one really does.
You do nothing. You continue to come when invited and be friendly and civil. 

Your GF handles her mother and establishes the expectations with her for how you are treated.

You don't get to make someone like you. Your GF gets to tell her mother what the consequences will be for their relationship, if her mother isn't civil to you.
You did something childish and stupid.

But why would you even want to date someone who sincerely believes they need to "protect their family from you"?

That's clearly not a situation either of you should continue in at all.
You need to just stop every sort of interaction with this person except his legal, form obligations to you and the child as a co-parent.

You and your mom should talk to a family lawyer, and do not allow him into any medical appointments unless his presence makes you feel safer and more secure. Childbirth, even at it easiest and smoothest, is terrifying. 

Regardless of any mistake you ever made, do not allow anyone in the room when you're giving birth unless that person adds to your happiness and feeling of safety. Please. Please know you can be 1000% selfish at that moment. You do not owe him that that moment, unless he can be trusted to behave himself -- and right now, he cannot. He is not behaving like a co-parent or someone who respects you as a the mother of his child. 

You made mistakes when you were a teenager in a relationship. You were also preyed on by an abuser who greatly benefited from your inexperience and immaturity to get what he wanted. Nothing you did means he's off the hook for his cruelty or any abuse he commited.

Don't rob your child because you feel guilty about being a shitty 18-year-old girlfriend. Forget about being a girlfriend. Never be his girlfriend again. Focus on being a parent yourself, and giving your child the best start you can. That means clarifying his rights and responsibilities under the law, to protect your child and provide what you can for them.
Technically true and patently ridiculous are not mutually exclusive.

Let’s not keep such an open mind that our brains fall right out.
I’ve always thought anyone who wants to control and abuse will use the narratives available to them to do so. Those people who are seeking to control can twist left-leaning narratives and language even more deceptively than fundamental faith based ones — a lot of us catch wise to those one faster these day. In my 30s I actually stepped back from some guys I was friends with because I realized they were using me to virtue signal their progressiveness to dates and GFs, while actually behaving in ways that were extremely “conservative”, heteronormative and/or straight up toxic in their private lives. 

My feelings have always been these sorts are going to get what they want and the “politics” are always a mask, no matte what the politics are. 

But the most truly feminist men I’ve dated, are probably the ones who talk the least about it, listen the most and just focus on living their own lives aware of bias and attempting to treat women equitably.
You can say No.

And it sounds like you should. You don’t actually trust him to behave reasonably or respectfully. And even if you did, “I don’t want too” is a totally good enough reason to say “No, I just don’t want that. I am comfortable with the current level of contact and not ready to be friends.”

No contact after a break up really should mean several months, not two weeks, unless there are things like leases and pets to sort out.

You’re not responsible for managing his insecurities for him or keeping him from feeling any pain. It’s normal and natural for you to be happier now — that’s why you broke up! It’s okay for him to be hurt by that, but it’s not your job to lie to him. It’s his job to accept reality. 

Closure is a myth. It’s not something you have in your purse and need to hand over to him. It’s a thing he needs to sort out on his own. 

It’s April. I assume the semester is over soon. Tell him, at least, that you do not want more contact until after exams. It’s not your job to address his shit right now. Focus on the important things you need to achieve right now.
She needs to plan to do this alone. You cannot do it on her timeline. You need a job there, and she needs to accept that. If her income cannot support you both, at least for several months, and moving with blow through your savings… then this doesn’t happen yet. 

Do not move cross our try with her on credit card debt and no job lined up. That is insane. She’s not a sensible adult partner if she thinks that is the right path for either of you. That’s not “some sacrifices”. That’s madness.
Imagine something totally different took place or that this woman behaved in a way I imagine she did but is in no way reflect here, for the reasons I imagine she has? Oh, also women who date online are desperate and sad and only doing it to further victimize the poor mens?

Nah, hard pass. Have a good one.
“I think I have a chance with you. So you get to be “not like other girls” until you disappoint me.”
Is that better? Or even, much different? Is “I think you’re a hot “girl” and I think hot “girls” are <insert negative generalization>?” meaningful different than “not like other girls”? I really don’t think it is. 

He’s the one looking down on others in that moment. Specifically, other “girls” he thinks are hot. He’s not talking about attractive men or egotistical people generally.
Let’s say you’re absolutely right about his life experience, this is still not a compliment, and she doesn’t have to be okay with this sort of “awkwardness.” In the snippet we have here, she does a great job of saying she’s not cool with it, without shaming or attacking him. 

Is there anyway she can say “please don’t shit on my gender in general.” that you would deem acceptable? 

He might have never met a Black person with a PhD, but if he said “You’re not like other Black people.” we’d all know that ain’t a compliment, and it ain’t okay.
Yes. How dare I choose not to continue in the company of a person who has a negative set of opinions about a group I belong too? 

Why would I possibly assume that someone who openly exposes negative biases and opinions about “other girls” might _not actually_ think all that highly of me? Or, may swiftly change their mind.

Why don’t I take a chance on someone who expresses generalized dislike for people of my gender?! It’s probably just them being clumsy with words. No way they could possibly have realized, or intended, to be joining in the relentless stream of low-key misogyny of daily life. 

I see now that my standards are absurdly high. How dare I hold the people around me to the standard of not expressing casual contempt for people like me!

/s

It’s not a compliment just because it makes the person saying it feel good about themselves. That’s actually usually a pretty good sign that it’s not a kind thing to say it all.
Not only are you entitled to talk about sex, and the situation regarding sex in this relationship, you have too. If it is triggering for them, and they cannot speak with you, then respectfully acknowledge that isn’t the kind of relationship you want to be in. It’s not fair to either of you, and there is nothing wrong with you being clear that you want a relationship that includes mutual sexual desire and/or open communication about sex.
It makes sense to be stewing over it right now, days after the break up, but it doesn’t change my advice:

This is over. Let it be over. Don’t give in to his half-asses promises of change. Accept the unknowable.
The reality is you will probably never know for sure, and the sooner you make peace with that, the sooner you’ll be able to move past it.

The odds of him actually going to a single therapy appointment are slim. You know that. He was just saying what he needed to try and renegotiate the break up. 

Don’t get back with a guy you’ve always had concerns about and who behaved this way. Just, let it be over.
Lots of women have internalized misogyny. It’s best not to take it too personally.

You know he was taking a dig at you. It doesn’t mean he’s unbalanced, but it does mean he’s a condescending little shit. 

Your initial instinct was correct: be less sorry to be rejected by this sort. Recognize your mother’s limitations as a source of advice as well on what behaviour to accept from men.
Deliberately getting black out drunk, as a goal, is a problem, regardless of the circumstances.

You should be far more concerned about her ability to stay safe from randos or Uber drives, then about her past hookup if she is set out to purposely incapacitate herself in public. 

I liked to club to relieve stress when I was her age, but never purposefully got so drunk I couldn’t remember or blacked out. That was never the goal of the evening, and personally, I never found it that hard to not fuck around on my partner when I was in a relationship. It’s just not that hard to not cheat.
“I’m a combination of the all girls I’ve seen and admired in some way…” is a rather lovely way to put it. I’d hope we all are a combination of what we admire in others, regardless of gender, although I know took me till I was a bit older to realize what I had modelled after the positive men in my life as well…
You’re rolling those dice no matter who you have a child with. 

You could both be PhD astrophysicists and end up with a child who is bored by, or struggles in school.

What is far more important is that you two have some agreement about the importance of education and how you will support your children if they do struggle. 

The ability to be successful in school is a nice to have. A partner who is actually your loving, supportive and respectful partner, is a must have.
Nah. That was a solid reply, and refusal to continue down that path with her.

I’d recommend you block her, everywhere. 

If she wants her buttons pushed she’ll do that all on her own, no matter what you say. So you if don’t want further contact, enforce it to the best of your ability.
“Why won’t women work in jobs where they are particularly unwelcome and subject to above average abuse and contempt — when they can even get hired to begin with? I boggles the mind…”
Wha? I don’t want people assaulted at Trump rallies either.

Is this nutter talking about Ashley Babbitt? Cause that is just a extra plus bad terrible take.
It’s almost like the predators don’t wear little warning bells around their necks.
“You’re not like other girls.” has become a straight up warning alarm for me. It tells me you cannot maintain basic social ties or have friendly conversation with women you don’t want to have sex with it.

It’s not a compliment. It’s a concerning reflection on your character dude.
Sounds like it’s actually the preference…
Eh, sounds like that’s the actual problem here. 

If you distrust him this much, figuring out when/if his dad called him about the accident is rather besides the point, isn’t it.

I hope you’re working with a counsellor. They’ll probably necessary at this point and can help you address the core issue here. Figuring out this phone call is not the core issue, it’s the place the drama llama is taking a shit today.
Are you in the process of divorcing or not? It’s unclear. You filed months ago, but still call him your SO? 

If you are, I think you need to consider this purely from the position of coparent, not spouse. As a co-parent, what contact if any will you have with the kids grandparents and uncles/aunts? Or do you expect all of that contact and information to flow through their father to you? 

If you want to continue to have a relationship with your ex-in-laws, then yes, you should absolutely ask after their health, but not quiz them in their contact with your (ex?) SO.
I’m not offended at all. Advice is about perspective and I’m a okay that mine isn’t of value to you. I’ve honestly wished you good luck, and you’ve kept on assuming the worst of everything I type… You think maybe you’re a bit needlessly combative sometimes and unable to accept another persons perspective or feelings as valid? You’re only options here for your partner is that he’s an idiot, or a liar? 

Just not how I’d want to move through the world, and that’s truly okay by me. It’s just a advice.
Yes. You’re 25. This is a thing to discuss openly.

Just remember that opinions and situations can change. It’s not a contract, it’s an ongoing conversation in a relationship. You should expect people to try to be honest with you about what they do know about themselves, but not to know everything, and not to be able to promise you exactly what sex will be like between now and 2065.
I didn't say you should break up.

I said I cannot imagine bringing such a demeaning and combative attitude into an important conversation with the person I've committed too. Everyone has flaws, but I would never frame my partners this way or assume they had NOTHING of value in their own perspective or choices on a subject. Doing so, would make me miserable. 

Good luck.
And you’re not gonna leave him? After describing him that way? Sesh. Okay. I cannot imagine committing to someone in my 30s if we both agreed they were fundamentally, objectively childish and just having to work around that… 

I didn’t suggest behaving like a teacher, but communicating openly as if two adults are involved with some appreciation for differences in knowledge and values… but hey, if you both know this is what works, good luck.
"Yeah. Shitty turn of phrase. I can see how that was hurtful. I'm sorry."

See? She how *fucking easy* that is.

It was more important to your husband that he got to *blame you* for 'ruining the morning' than it was for him to 5 seconds of emotional reflection and just say "Yeah. Ok. I can do better."

Our language is full of phrases and idioms that are hurtful and biased and bigotted. No one is gonna avoid them *perfectly*, but dear God it's not that hard to take a beat and think 'That's not so hot really.'

Also, how much dusting and vacuuming does this asshat do? I might hazard a guess...
Yes. They can. It can be wildly variable. People are complicated.

Some people don't experience much sexual arousal at all. Both men and women can be on the extremes of really high-arousal, or very low. Women are often shamed and judged for high. And men are usually shamed and judged for low. But we all exist on a wide spectrum, and a spectrum that can even shift throughout our lives.

A lot of women, especially young women, are not encouraged to understand their own sexual arousal or ever express it openly. Sometimes, they simply don't know how, because there aren't many healthy models for it. But it can also be shameful, or even unspokenly dangerous for them to try.

You were both young. You don't need to be quizzing women or trying to read your ex's mind. That's not gonna help. You need to be working on putting down the baggage you picked up from an early relationship that didn't work out well for either of you.
Hoping he'd figure it out and/or expecting a better job at the age of 30 are still you describing situations that might be within his risk tolerance.

Look, I agree with you there is a real problem here. In your position, I'd be unhappy with my partner too. But you need to stop approaching it with this insulting attitude that he is childish or evil. He wasn't meeting your unspoken standards for financial security. They weren't his standards, and he didn't have the information or the skills to know what yours were or how to meet them.

You should ask for what you need, clearly, but kindly, with your ears open to his actual feelings and perspectives.

Especially if there isn't a "Snowballs chance in hell" of ending this relationship over this, then put your damn fists down and set the worst of your judgements of his character aside. Begin from the place of him not being able to know what you don't tell him, and you not knowing what his overall risk tolerance is. In the longterm, that'll be a way more productive conversation then trying to tell him he cannot afford to live like he saw his parents live.
I have understood that you are not interested in any advice, or in adjusting of the thing you can control  -- your own behaviour -- for the possibility of better outcomes while dating. You want to date "the majority of women" apparently, well also blaming all women apparently, for a problematic system you are choosing to active reinforce and engage with.

Okay. That's fine by me. That's how you want to play it, then good luck with it.
Is she cleaning up the children and dusting while also touching up her make up and taking 15 minutes to rest, all magically before knowing whether or not he’ll come home late or not?
You can say pretty whatever you want and experience what you experience, but you talked about studies and I think you took the wrong lesson from the data.

The lesson from the data is that consistently paying for all dates isn’t as good or necessary strategy for men as they seem to believe it is, to get to date the women who actually want to date them.
I’m glad you don’t expect me to address your personal attacks, so thinly veiled as genuine curiously, but you gave my BF a good laugh. So thank you. 

The point I was making, which could be actually quite useful, was not about most women and certainly not most American women. It is that if you assume all women are like X, you are likely to only engage with women who confirm that belief. You’ve set up a dynamic where you understand one another’s expectations. You will be avoided or weeded out by women who are not like X or who very much don’t want much of X in their lives if any. So if you don’t like X, stop engaging in the behaviour that attracts and reinforces X. Fewer dates, but better ones. Compatibility, not high scoring.
You mean the studies that found women who scored higher in all three of the “dark triad” personality traits of narcissism, psychopathy and Machiavellianism were much more likely to engage in foodie calls? And the women who scores lowest either didn’t do it, or felt they had done it, said rarely (and I would argue, because of the guilt and social shame of accepting a meal from someone you’re in the fence about.)

I mean, if were taking about the science, men should absolutely STOP trying to buy sex with meals, perhaps pay for the first invitation they make, and then switch to dutch rather quickly. It’s not a particularly good strategy with any group of women anymore to pay for all dates. That’s what should be known widely — based on studies and surveys — but rejected by men who view dating more as a gamble, as a numbers game, instead of a compatibility search.
Sounds like you’re holding yourself to the traditional standard, and then being annoyed that is resulting in more dates with women who accept those standards and performances you’re indicating and initiating. 

If a man in the early dating stage is taking all the initiative and has cast himself as pursuer, I assume he won’t be comfortable with me stepping up — and when I actually like him enough to try to correct this dynamic, I often find I was right. He couldn’t hack with me if I wasn’t a passive recipient. 

If you were looking for actual compatibility instead of access, you’d probably have fewer dates, but better ones.
I think the thing you really need to recognize and except is that _he does feel secure with this._

He probably wasn’t lying to you. He probably wasn’t withholding or keeping secrets. This wasn’t just “technically” good for him. This is what financial stability looks like to him. He’s living just barely within his means, and will I would agree with you that that’s not really what stable is — for lots of people it’s the best they ever hope for!

You’re in your 30s you own a home together. While your current financial set up might have been working so far, you need to see this as a big sign that you chew skipped over some really important conversations about long-term goals, savings and retirement.
Your GF seems to have unrealistic expectations.  

Your sister isn’t her peer or her bestie. She doesn’t owe your girlfriend the attention and validation she’s seeking. 

Does your GF frequently make vague break up threats when she doesn’t get exactly what she wants?
He is being controlling. Dangerously. Extremely controlling. 

He’s also told you that he cannot control himself, at all, at parties or around pretty women. He doesn’t even really think he should have too. It’s their fault if he’s aroused by them. 

Break up and block him, quickly. It is unlikely the break up will stop his attacks completely. You need to stay safe. Have zero contact.
You know he has an army of underpaid support staff, predominantly woman, who feed and cloth him, care for his home and any children or pets, and schedule his personal life for him. 

Which is why none of his employees can “out work him”, while absolutely working harder every day than this price of shit human can even fathom.
Watch out Pearl. She’s way hotter and we know that’s all that really matters!
You should have gotten rid of him after the rave.

Disappointment is valid, but this guy is just an asshole who cannot handle life’s hiccups without assigning blame and being a condescending shithead. Hopefully he’ll grow out of it, but I wouldn’t suggest sticking around and finding out.
I think being nervous of “friendly” men at 23 years old is totally normal. You’ve probably met a lot of men who are willing and eager to take any opening they get.

But it’s not everyone. As you age is a bit fewer people.

Your boyfriend trusts you, but you need to build your trust in yourself, your own instincts and your own boundaries. You got this. You don’t need to be second guessing yourself all the time. You can be a human being, and you can extend trust to men to be human beings — and you can revoke that trust in individual men as needed.
I wish they’d just do a better job of securing the “provider” type so I’d run into fewer of them.
It's probably *better* that you not get too involved in the early stages. Even if it was your dialect, you'd want him to find his bearings through instructions before you got too involved.

I understand being disappointed this isn't something you can share, but it also sounds like that wasn't a core goal of what he needs to achieve for his work. That is sad, but it also makes a lot of sense.

He also probably isn't aware of the depth of differences and the strong feelings between the two dialects! My partner thought I'd be keen to 'use my French' when we travel. He had to see for himself a few times how "my French" was not always welcomed or understood by French people, before he really started to get how different my dialect was from how most of the world speaks. No matter how many times I told him, he had to feel it before he believed it. Until then, it was all just French to him.
That is childish and cruel.

If he has a problem with how your anxiety impacts his life, he should discuss it with you like an adult and figure out what boundaries he needs to have or accommodations you need to make. He can talk about that, and figure it out. 

If he cannot talk about it in that kind of reasonably way, he is either too mean to date, or too stupid.

He shouldn't be punishing you the way we do yappy little dogs or how shitty parents manage toddlers.
Why did he do this?

Were the classes easier to access?

Is he choosing a dialect that is more commonly spoken or easier to learn?

When my partner wanted to learn French I actively steered him away from my dialect because the accent and diction are globally perceived as being cheap or 'not proper'. I actively encouraged him to learn Metropolitan/Parsian French because we could still speak to one another just fine, but he'd get more use out of it in the rest of his life if it didn't stick to the way I spoke.

I can understand why you might have some feelings, but I think you're being a bit unfair if he's choosing something that will be more broadly useful or accessible for him. Not to mention picking on someone's accent or tone, in the early learning stages, is just decidedly unhelpful in my opinion.
This is the woman who once said  “If we took away women's right to vote, we'd never have to worry about another Democrat president. It's kind of a pipe dream, it's a personal fantasy of mine,”

I think it's a bit foolish to imagine she does anything but run her mouth for attention. 

There is no "realizing" of any kind going on. She's white and wealthy. She got hers. She doesn't actually give a shit. She just figured out a thing to tweet that would get the attention of both echo chambers.
Dude. Ya do. You have a problem with bi women. You told us so. Listen to yourself...

**When you say shit like "*****is the way I feel justifiable by my morals and ethics?*****" what you are very clearly saying is you believe there is something inherently unethical or immoral about women who experience sexual attraction to other women, as well as men.**

You shouldn't date anyone you don't want to, but you're being a naive asshole when you pretend your preferences are not rooted in stereotypes, -isms or phobias. They often are. (Hell, a lot of our biases against smokers are! I wouldn't date a smoker either, but I acknowledge that some of the beliefs and attitudes I have about smokers are unfair and biased. And it's still not cool to compare sexual orientation to the choice to smoke, or being an addict. Comparing being LGBTQ+ to addiction or choice to smoke would be kinda homophobic.)

You said things above that make it clear yours are rooted in biphobia and nasty assumptions about the character and values of bisexual people. You said, yourself, that you perceived bisexual as less ethical and moral than heterosexuals like yourself.

We none of us are immune from the cultural messages that judge or demean others. You seemed to be capable of recognizing this when it was directed at bisexual men. Don't pretend to be blind when you are the one directing these biases and judgements at bisexual women.

Don't date bisexuals. We cool. Please don't! But also, don't be shitty and pretend it's 'just a preference'. You got some shit to unpack. Don't put it on other people, or let yourself totally off on the hook. None of us are perfect, and you just said a bunch of shit that is biphobic. Accept it, and you'll be able to better avoid it.

EDIT: sexual orientation not sexual irritation. lol
You are being irrational.

It's biphobia when people assume girl-on-girl is just something fun for guys to watch and not real, meaningful sex between two people who enjoy and care for one another. It's biphobia when men are shamed for "secretly being gay" or treated like they are gross. And it's also biphobia when you assume a bisexual isn't just as capable of monogamy and loyalty as any random heterosexual.

You are entitled to this bit of irrationality and shouldn't date anyone you don't want to.

It's not anyone else's job to make you not biphobic. You're not a monster, but you are wrong and you absolutely need to stay away from bi people as dates. It's not kind or fair to them to make them address your irrationality or bias. You should probably be thoughtful about how you treat any bisexuals or pansexuals you know socially. You are experiencing a bias that is not true or kind.

There are plenty of men who feel as you do. I get it a fair bit. I appreciate it when they just keep that hateful bullshit to themselves, and acknowledge they just are not keen to date a bisexual. 

Source: a bisexual woman.
I think it's more likely than you're imagining. If it's no big deal to this woman or her husband, they might bring it up when they run into each other "Oh! You're \_\_\_\_\_\_'s wife? Yeah, we dated years ago back in \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_. Such a small world that we both ended up raising our families here!"

No matter how small the risk you think it is, it exists! I wouldn't roll those dice on my partner.
You're doing the right thing.

You may consider asking them to join you on a day trip? Instead of phrasing it as a gift to them, ask them for their company as a gift to you. And naturally, as it is a thing you are planning and want to share with them, you will pay. A concert or play. A trip to the beach. Especially something your cousins will enjoy. Instead of giving them a thing, involve them in an experience with you. 

Don't try to force cash on them. In the end, you are 'barely an adult' in their mind. Be gracious if they want to treat you like a young relative who is not yet expected to contribute money.

When you leave, send them some photos and a long thank you note of your best memories. That is clearly what they value from the visit.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

You're 30. You've been in couples counselling for ages. She says she's not in love anymore. You don't trust her when it comes to money and you cannot communicate about it.

Of course you should find your own apartment. You're just coasting downhill with a woman who seems unwilling to actually break up with you. Set yourself free.
It's a small town. Gonna be way worse if she finds out in any other way, besides you speaking up.

And that's why you should do it for her sake. To spare her any risk of confusion or embarrassment by not knowing something that some else does. That's the benefit *to her*.

It is also about you feeling better! Tell her *that*. This is ancient history and I don't plan on seeking out her company BUT I've been thinking about it and I know if roles were reversed I'd be hurt by you not telling me. So I'm telling you, really, just to manage my own feelings about it and my discomfort with keeping it a secret, and so that you never get blindsided by someone else mentioning something to you.
You need to start saying No. Kindly, but firmly. 

"Thank you, but No. That isn't enough notice for me to comfortably get ready."

"I'm sorry, but No. I've told you I require at least X number of hours notice to host people in my home, and X hours before leaving the home. I'd really appreciate you respecting my timlines, so I can join you in the future." 

Boundaries don't control what they do. A boundary is about how you are going to respond if they don't meet your needs or standard, and what you are choosing for yourself. Once you state a boundary, you have to choose it. Enforce it. And often, enforcing a boundary means you don't get what you most want either.

The only power you have here is to withdraw your participation. If they value your company and presence in their lives, they will adapt.
You can always leave a relationship you don't want to be in. For any reason.

You haven't been happy in this relationship, for a rather long time. It would be silly to continue.

You need to end contact. There is nothing to gain by treating this like it's an ongoing conversation. It's not. It's over.
Have you been friends for years?

Or have you been waiting for years thinking someday your friendship will earn you a date?

Because it’s totally reasonable for her to be fearful of the latter.
Dude. You have zero interest in understanding why this is a bad take and not how consent or respect work. A bunch of people have tried to explain. Peddle your willful ignorance elsewhere, or create your own OP for advice on how to human? and what does consent mean?
Yes. Consent is “her view”. Mutually enjoyable sex is “her view”. If it’s not yours… well, nothing much else to say. You’re just kinda gross! 

I really wish you were just an ignorant teenager but I’ve dated enough to know you’re probably just a sad adult who can’t get outta their own way.
No man. That is the twisted part about of this whole thing. The fact she did it before is why she knows she doesn’t want too. Sex is supposed to be mutually enjoyable and consensual. Not a reward for boys. It’s a not a gift she gave other men but if withholding now. That is a pure toxic attitude. 

She’s not withholding hugs. She’s just not consenting to a sex act she knows well enough to know she doesn’t want to perform again.

If a guy wrote mushy love letters before and didn’t want to with me than I’d assume he didn’t much enjoy writing them back then either, and felt forced to perform.
Break up with her if you *need* a relationship where oral sex is performed on you. She is not offering you that kind of relationship.

Stop talking about what she consented to in the past. That part makes you the selfish piece of shit here and that is not justified. Just because she consented to something in the past doesn't mean she is required to continue consenting today. She doesn't want to do it. Don't be the next in a line of assholes who bully and whine at her until she gives in.

Be the honest guy who admits he really wants that in his relationship, and breaks up to go find someone who is offering that kind of relationship.
> I love her and would like to date her

This is why. 

She doesn't trust you to respond reasonably to her dating life. She doesn't want your opinion. She is aware it is biased. She may also be trying not to hurt you with the information she reasonably assumes you don't want to hear about. 

If she doesn't want this subject to be part of her friendship with you, then you cannot force it. What this means though, is that you need to move on and not keep trying to win her over. She is probably well aware she could date you if she wanted too. She doesn't want too.
"I'm not on my own. Today, I think we've made the right decision for us both on balance.  When I said it wasn't a problem, I *meant* I was perfectly comfortable with the decision. Do you have a different idea of what would be best choice right now? Because I would hope if you did, you would state it just as clearly as I just did, and I'd believe you. Just like I need you to believe me when I speak."

The one I frequently use with my partner is "If you were holding me back from something I felt strongly about, you'd absolutely hear about it."

You cannot fix this for him. He needs a therapist to unpack and challenge what is, in essence, a toxic communication pattern. But you should be clear with him that this behaviour is not respectful or kind and that you'd like him to do better.
You know he overreacted, but you're also kind of full of shit aren't ya? 'Cause it isn't 'just curious' when you hunt the smell down, say Yuck and are visibly disgusted. Those are actions. Those are actions that are reasonably insulting to another person!

This other person might also be an asshole, but also you walked into someone else's home and insulted their cooking. Your behaviour was insulting, and you lied about and minimized it when confronted instead of saying "Dude. I'm sorry. I'm sure it's great for lot of people. It's just not for me."

Life's easier without a stick up your ass. That's a bit of advice that might be useful for you, as well as for him, but since you're the one asking: Do a bit better. Don't be such a bullshitter. If you fuck up just say you fucked up and move on.
Be a grown up and express your boundaries. 

You don’t want to be friends. It’s not an insult. It’s doesn’t mean she did something wrong. There are lots of awesome people I don’t want to be besties with.

You have no reason to fear abuse or harassment from her. Give her the courtesy and kindness of telling that while you think she is a lovely person, there is just too much history and you aren’t comfortable maintaining contact or being her friend. Then block her without guilt.
You should explore types of therapy and different approaches. It’s important o have some trust in that relationship. 

Digging into root causes is not actually the most effective form of therapy for a lot of struggles. 

I personally prefer CBT, which focuses on current behaviour and changing the thought patterns behind them.

If you want to talk about how your mother treated you when you were a toddler, or about the meaning of your dreams, you need a different kind of therapy.
Why aren't you listening to your therapist? They have already explained this perfectly well. 

If she wants a man like XYZ, she should go find him.

It's okay to break up with her, without first labelling her as the "hypersensitive" bad guy. You can just stop the thing that isn't working, without demonizing one another.
I've been wondering if the reveal of 50K fine for not making it to altar explains a bit more about why Zack/Irina couldn't walk away when it *clearly wasn't working*. And if the conversation in the bedroom where they break it off (which was one of the few moments I had a tiny bit of respect for Irina) was only allowed to happen once the producers had agreed to let them off the hook...
There is a line between addressing your partner's biases or limitations and being condescending as all hell. You are in real danger of crossing it here.

It also seems likely that a lot of this is you externalizing your own emotional reactions and anxieties, and *assigning* them to her character as if they were all her negative traits -- when they really are more about your own bad mental habits and insecurities.

I think you'd be very, *very* wise to first consider how you can adapt your responses, before putting it in writing that you think she is childish and unrealistic. You seem to be very quick to interpret her passing comments as insults, and take them deeply to heart. That may not be fair, or true to her experience or her meaning.

You may have a relationship issue as well, but you absolutely have a stress management issue. Your anxiety about communicating your own needs and timelines seems to be the much larger issue here. You should be looking for positive and constructive ways to communicate your own timelines, needs and concerns about what the future looks like together. To advocate for yourself in the relationship. Not reasons to call her a child, or knock her down a few pegs, or burst her bubble, or make her be realistic, but instead communicating openly about what you do want to work towards and when you think you can! So you're both talking about reality sometimes, and not just vague hopes or fantasies. If you really think that of her, then you have a much larger reconsideration to do.
Sperate your questions for a bit:

Is there something about your own behaviour you're not happy with? Feeling isolated from a tradition or norm isn't always a pleasant feeling, but unless you are unhappy with your own choices, that is a feeling that is entirely yours to manage as an adult.  As you rightly realized, no one should be restricting themselves so you don't feel left out. They are in their own home, not a kindergarten class. 

Feeling out of place is a *you problem*, for you to navigate and manage. (And, you *are* a bit out of place! That's okay! Our families extend and can contain people who are very different from us sometimes! It really is okay. I am *ludicrously* out of place when I visit my family in Rome. It's a bit awkward, but a loving sort of awkward.)

The second issue is about what you want to ask others for, as a favour, out of consideration for you. The fact your daughter asked you initially about the pool makes me suspect that if you say "Hanging out naked over our morning coffee was just a tiny step too far for me. Would you mind wearing some clothing if we're having a longer conversation?"  

It doesn't sound like you need boundaries or strict rules, just to give your daughter a heads up that while you are fully respecting and supporting her choices in her own home, as a guest with very different life experiences, you're struggling with some things.
Also didn’t like Cole at all. He was attention seeking and instigating throughout. He only got a pass because Zanab was so awful. Hopefully he’s grown.
I want to agree, but Micha is plenty old enough to see the consequences of the company she keeps and make better choices for herself. The reformed mean girls I know had made the break by 26. Hopefully the show was the kick in the ass she needed.
He only has these questions _after_ she said she wasn’t feeling it.

OP came here to get the “She should have disclosed!” pile on — even though he claimed to be accepting of her choice initially — and he’s exactly the validation he came looking for and very little advice on how not get into this sort of pointless argument in the future with women who don’t wish to date him.
You debated someone and insulted them when they were just trying to end the connection. 

Doesn’t matter if you had a point. That was a dumb and counterproductive thing to do that was only going to be mean and dramatic. Like I said before, the correct response is “Thank you and good luck.”
I told you how to improve in the future — with anyone, not just a trans woman. You don’t seem that interested that part tho. Did you just come here to find people to tell you she did a bad bad thing by not disclosing? Why is it so hard to just not be compatible and leave it at that? Or to not clap back at someone who is telling you they aren’t interested?
No man. Based on your own story here, you were mainly frustration was with being rejected. You were willing to accept the situation — you thought it had been a good date — until she told you she wasn’t feeling it.

The correct response to “I’m not feeling the connection.” is “Thank you for letting me know. Good luck out there!” You don’t ask Why, especially not if you can’t handle the answer without arguing with them. No matter what else nonsense they have to say, you don’t debate them. You GTFO and be glad for it. That is what you do next time you get told No, by anyone. 

You tried to knock her down a peg because you were disappointed and angry with the rejection. You didn’t think you “deserved” to be rejected for the reasons she gave, but that’s not how compatibility works. You’re not entitled to a certain number of chances or even to being properly understood! (A trans woman doesn’t have to fall in love with you because you don’t react with horror.)

That the advice for next time. When someone rejects you, you say “Good luck!” not “Well, actually let me explain to you the shitty things I think you did and why your rejection of me is wrong!” That’s just pointless drama and ego defence.

That has nothing to do with her being trans, that’s just a really, really stupid way to handle rejection.
This isn’t complicated. 

You weren’t compatible. Regardless of her being trans, you were _already not compatible_. She told you so. Given the differences in preferences and feelings about your conversation, you’d be reasonable to agree with her on that much. 

While I would generally agree people should disclose prior to sexual intimacy — for their own safety more than anything — it really sounds a lot like you were more frustrated at being rejected than by anything else. It really sounds like you’re trying to make her the bad guy, because she didn’t want to see you again. 

Put your wounded ego aside. Stop getting twisted. You’re not compatible. The rest is details. Take the L. End of story.
Relationships aren’t hostage situations.
Most people understand this just fine.

Block him, and don’t take his shit.

For anyone else, just tell them he deserves to find someone who really wants to be with him. It wouldn’t have been right to waste his time and pretend to feel what you didn’t.  

Or, tell them he was manipulating and mean. Cause that is also true.
Tell him that the healthy and adult way to deal with feelings is to communicate respectfully. He’s certainly allowed to feel hurt, but this behaviour should be beneath him. You made a request for your comfort, and he seems to be responding with spite.

If he cannot manage better right now, take a break and take yourself out for dinner.
You should block him. This *is* rude. This *is* unpleasant. 

This is not enriching your life in any way. 

You're allowed to Nope outta something even if they aren't actively *harassing* you.
*Why*? The only thing I could see changing my opinion here, is *Why* did he expect to be fired?

If he did something to risk his employment, and kept that from you, that may be a serious problem or present a major judgment/character issue. 

Otherwise, I wouldn't get my knickers in a knot about a day. People don't always make good choices when they are panicking. 

You had even less power than he did for those 48 hours. All his choice did was rob him of your support during a tough day.
It is a bit weird, but it's also a reasonable series of events given the recent relationship events.

Let the sister make nice, and go to the reception as a guest, not as a member of the wedding party.
I'd be less worried about controlling, and more worried that he's masking his own serious doubts and real wants under 'Well, *you* can't *really want* this do you?" That way he doesn't have to take accountability, or feel like the bad guy, for leaving a relationship that doesn't meet his needs.
Honestly, don't beg someone to be with you.

Ge needs to manage these feelings better himself. It shouldn't be your part-time job in the relationship to build him up. Occasional insecurities are things we all feel, but if this is a common tune in your relationship, he needs to be told it's not respectful or kind -- and that if he keeps on saying he's not good enough, one of these days you're gonna have to assume what he really means is that he doesn't want to continue with you.

It's good you have some time together planned, but in the meantime, I'd put a foot down kindly but firmly: You're an adult who is capable of her own choices, and those choices deserve respect. Feeling insecure is one thing. Constantly questioning you is a different thing. He needs to work on this.
I understand you don't think you're actively trying to claim power, but if you're trying to say "Yay! We're a team! Let's solve this together partner!" when she fundamentally *doesn't want to play* then just you're deluding yourself and inviting more disappointment and frustration into your relationship and your own life.

You're lying to yourself about the situation because the situation is emotionally unpleasant for you.

Support is great, when someone wants it and is open to it. When someone is not, it's just painful and insulting for both parties. You cannot *support her* out of a thing she is comfortable choosing for herself. Support is not the issue there.

You don't need to turn your feelings off, but there does come a point where you need to manage yourself and make choices for yourself. Not her. You cannot make choices for her. Advocating for her, against her will, is not okay -- and will not work. 

If she genuinely doesn't want to quit, and that does seem likely to be the outcome of any difficult conversations ahead, then this is a *you problem*. It's a *you problem* about what kind of relationship you're willing to be in.
Is he insecure? Or he is telling you that he believes you're not compatible?

Do really believe you're compatible? What are the steps you're planning to explore that or test living togeather? Or are these constant rounds of reassurance preventing you from having the serious adult think about that you need to have?

Don't beg an adult to be with you. He's plenty old enough to know himself, and own his own shit. If he believes you're not compatible in your lifestyles or careers, he needs to own that, not make it your problem to emotionally handle for him.
She doesn't want to quit. She's not being open and honest with you about that, because she knows damn well you don't want to hear that message. You want to talk about what *you can do together*, and she doesn't. There isn't a together problem here. There is a you problem. It's the one reality you dodge over and over age. She's not trying because she doesn't particularly want to -- certainly, doesn't want to enough. 

You keep coming back around and around about trying to support her, but you're actually not on her team if she's not playing that game.

It doesn't matter how valid your concerns are or how supportive you want to be if she's just not motivated to change.

You do need to talk about this, but it's time to have the real talk, where start trying to take ownership of the problems you cannot solve, and stop claiming power over the ones you cannot. The problems you can solve are: You can stop kidding yourself. You can stop approaching this as a team effort when it's and never has been. You can be honest about what kind of partnership you're willing to be in.
You just listed a bunch of reasons to absolutely not date her again, but instead, you remain fixated on the possibility she was recently in a relationship and/or having sex with a woman, and has chosen not to be transparent with you about that past relationship.

There is nothing here to accuse her of! There is just someone to not date if that is how you feel about the possibility of a relationship with a woman in the recent past.

This is not about my hangups. Nothing you have said has changed my read on your behaviour. The worst thing I can about her, is that you allow her to bring out some ugly shit in you.

You need to wise up. She's not hurting you right now. She's not denying you anything you're entitled too. You're hurting yourself with assumptions, entitlements and baseless expectations.
You're noticing you don't actually want to date her -- the person she actually is -- and need to stop fucking around as if you might. Stop trying to make that into a story where she's a bad person. Own your own bullshit. This is clearly not the woman for you.
It was on the list of a thousand reasons, and just because she's not closeted doesn't mean she wants to deal with your weird fixation and invasive bullshit.

If I suspected you of the kind of assumptions and spinning out that you're engaging in with this question, I 100% wouldn't give you any information about my previous relationships -- especially if they weren't hetero-passing. You do not appear able to handle it well.
Stop spending so much time trying to read her mind, and speak up for your damn self if there is something you want or need from this re-connection that you are not getting.

You're really not being much better than she is, if you're choosing to keep the fact you believe they were in a romantic relationship from her.

Your real problem here -- the one you could actually control yourself -- is the fact you're not being transparent about what you think you know, or about what you want from this renewed connection. All you have here is a bunch of assumptions and attempts to read her mind.

You don't know how they defined their relationship. You don't even seem to know exactly how you're defining your connection with this woman right now.

Stop accusing her of deceit when you're not being any more transparent and forthright than she is. There are a thousand reasons she may be framing it the way she is, including not wanting to out herself with you, or face any of the typical random male judgement many bisexual women have to regularly face because this shit is often just *so damn important* to men who have no business with it anyways.
Someone else cheated on him so you’re not allowed to select your friends or your health care providers?

Big Nope.

Cheating is devastating. Handling it respectfully doesn’t mean becoming a controlling asshat with every other partner in your life.
Let it go.

You're only hurting yourself by letting this bitterness fester.

Get rid of it all. Quickly. It's not useful to you.
You're not wrong. Your BF is old enough to know better, and it was reasonable not to want to discuss it over text. 

And as much as you may not like T, personally, I suspect your BF is also a bit delusional. 

I wouldn't date a guy so willfully out of touch with reality, either about T or about my own legitimate anger with his shitty, drunken behaviour.
Don't keep such an open mind that your brain falls out.

It's reasonable to want to date a man who is wearing clean underwear each day.

His insulting, manipulative and flat out verbally abusive responses to this situation are serious red flags and raise big questions about his character -- a much larger issue than his hygiene.
Nah. He doesn't get off quite that easily.

His "forgetfulness" about her limits is still a real problem. He has been dodging the real conversations and considerations he needs to bring to this subject, and is benefiting from her reasonable desire for equity and using that to manipulate her into spending way beyond her means. 

OP isn't perfect, but the fact OP would like to keep some equity in the relationship when it comes to meals out doesn't mean he isn't also a willfully stupid and selfish asshat.
He certainly could. Lots of people would. 

But if he doesn't want to -- or even if OP does not want that dynamic -- then he lives with her within her limits and stops constantly pressuring her with his 'forgetfulness' and emotional manipulation.
In the context of him constantly "forgetting" that she's a full-time student on a budget, that wasn't a genuine offer. Just manipulation. A genuine offer would have sounded like "Of course not. Could you bake a cake/Plan a movie date? That'd be lovely!"

He's not as dumb as he's pretending to be. He's as dumb as is convenient for him to be.

OP does need to do better, but when she does this relationship will likely come to an end, because of course she doesn't want to have to be constantly reminding him of things a reasonable person could retain without difficult, and OP cannot "properly communicate" her way out of his kind of bullshit.
What makes perfect sense about it? "General labour" is an absurd term, almost meaningless to take them as a group. 

Some "general labour" makes $7 an hour. Other "general labour" makes $100k a year. The difference is industry, unions, and tradition, not skill or even capital generation.

If we have social programs to subsidize some kinds of labour that you imagine don't generate enough capital to pay a living wage, then we're not protecting individuals in society at all. We're only protecting illusionary profits for the executives and owners.
Do you think your boyfriend is a complete fucking moron? Because you shouldn't date complete fucking morons, and either he is too dumb to date, or he is playing stupid to avoid the real compromises and conversations that are required in a relationship where there is a financial imbalance.

It's not rocket science that you have no income.

You're not "making him feel guilty". You are trying to live within your means. He should feel embarrassed by his willful ignorance and the ongoing issues of his inconsiderate behaviours when it comes to the expectations he places on you to spend. 

This man needs to hurt. He should be hurting. 

If he says he's feeling guilty and hurting right now, say "Good! You need to feel this pain as well because you keep putting financial expectations on me that are not reasonable and any half-way intelligent person would know they aren't reasonable for a full-time student with no income. It's not fair that I have to constantly carry the pain of trying to keep up with you and communicate this to you over and over again. I need to say No more. And you need to be more considerate and thoughtful, and actually LISTEN when I say No."

He needs to feel the pain of his *stupid*, inconsiderate behaviour. Because you are describing an adult man who is either too dumb to bother dating, or who is just so blissfully selfish as to not see that going dutch on dinner at restaurants several times a week is not feasible for a full-time student.

He should feel guilty about how he has arranged the expectations about money in this relationship. He has been selfish and *stupid*. Guilt is the proper emotional response to being regularly unkind to you as a partner.
People like you have arbitrarily decided some labourers don’t deserve to eat.
Right. She got a salary of $1.1 million and $3.9 million in “stock awards and other forms of compensation”.

Not much of a defence really that the average Joe doesn’t understand how executive compensation is structured. The end result is the same: Her pay appears not be tied to performance and “think of the company’s needs!”,  but everyone else’s is.
She’s not into whatever you’re asking for. However basic you may feel it may be, she’s not into it.

The rest of your relationship works because you have similar values and needs in other aspects of the partnership. In this area, you don’t.

You need to make a choice about the kind of relationship you can commit too, and how much communication on the subject you can invest. 

In the end though, if she doesn’t want what you want her to want, there is no way to communicate past that. There isn’t much to work on there either. You can make someone make an effort sometimes, but you cannot make someone sincerely want something for themselves they just don’t
Why won't he have a diploma and a driver's licence?

Unless his parents are abusive or his home life is so unstable he's not able to get those things completed while living at home, then I would make both of those a requirement as well as the job. If he leaves home without those things it's exceedingly unlikely he'll get them. 

If you don't want a roommate, don't agree to do this. He's looking for an easy escape but if he's not already doing the work to complete his diploma and take safe steps forward, he's not gonna do that work living with you two either. Once he's in, you're not getting him out until he gets *really* uncomfortable in your home.
Would be way more turned off by someone who has already declared I will reject them, than I would by someone who has lived a damn life by age 46.
I'd be a bit resentful too if I thought I was entering a partnership where my opinion would matter at all and my long-term safety would be a factor to consider, and it turned out I was just a tenant whose rent fluctuate based on repairs... A bit of resentment is a rational response to a situation where OP mistakenly believed she would be a larger part of the long-term planning than she is.
>We don't know that OP is extremely disempowered. 

Please. We can be reasonable adults about this. We don't have to keep such an open mind that our brains fall right out. 

OP did choose to enter the marriage on these terms -- she can be held accountable for that -- but the current situation does leave her deeply disempowered and with far more limited choices than her wife has reserved for herself. And that is something they are both responsible for addressing. 

The main gripe here is clearly about security and partnership. Even if OP loved the home and it was in good repair, there would still be some concerns here about OP's ability to create a secure long-term plan.
>I'm actually realizing that while I might be married, financially I'm still single.

While this is frustrating and sad for you, I think it's an important realization and something to share with her. Her choices, have left your long-term financial security up to you, because her plans don't meet your needs or leave you feeling secure. (And reasonably, they shouldn't.) 

So, you're going to have to make your plans independent of hers, and one of the things that require from her right now is that rent is just rent. It doesn't change because she needs to make capital improvements or repairs. The two of you need to settle on a reasonable market rate, and then that is the money she gets from you towards the home. If she's not prepared to plan *with you*, then she doesn't get to rely on your additional support for her personal homeownership plans.
But the market rate rent shouldn't change because the owner needs to make repairs. The owner just needs to make the repairs. 

OPs wife has set up a system where OP is extremely disempowered in all choices (from where to live, to what repairs to prioritize and even what the rent actually is each month), and prone to emotional manipulation to take on more risks/responsibilities/costs for home ownership without any of the rewards or rights. OP is totally right to see this situation as insecure and unsafe financially for herself.
You both need some serious financial advice, and ideally from someone who has experiencing working with couples.

A rental agreement that changes on the basis of necessary repairs, isn't a *rental agreement*.

Right now, your wife has the benefit of a secure tenant (you) without the real obligations to a committed a life partner (also you). You're not feeling secure because you are not a secure and respected partner in the home. You're a tenant who is easily manipulated emotionally by status as 'wifey' whenever it is convenient and then demoted to tenant whenever that is more convenient. 

If your partner isn't willing to change that situation, then I think you need to take a step back and *think like a renter.* 

The current agreement means you are basically single, and renting, from a financial perspective, and you should make your plans based on that. If you're renting at 58, and still renting at 67, you need to know what you can afford in rent, and be prepared to say no to major repairs and capital improvements to a home you merely rent in. You need a tenancy agreement on paper, and the rent should only be raised in accordance with local laws or at market rates. Not based on your partner's needs. In that way, you can plan for your retirement independently from your wife's property plans.
You sound like you have totally incompatible goals about how to spend money and time. If you don't want to fund her travels, you need to be honest about that. 

While there is no shame in living at home, it's perfectly fair for her to say it makes you incompatible with her as a partner. 

If I had been dating someone for three years and they preferred saving money at home, to starting a shared life with me, I'd be questioning the relationship as well. A lot of women you date at this age will not want to date someone who still lives at home simply because of the restrictions it creates on the relationship.
You've indenified the right problem.

He told you not to expect him to moderate his behaviour properly. He's making excuses for the next time he behaves badly, when he doesn't get his way. It's important for adults to be able to roll with a bit of inconvenience or disappointment, without acting like little shits, or worse.

I would date a guy who said "I'm sorry. It's something I'm working on." but not a guy who said "I'm sorry, but it's just who I am so you're going to have to accept it sometimes."

Don't date someone who spends the first few weeks warning you they are going to treat you poorly. They will. And then they will turn around and blame you for not accepting the shitty treatment.
Don't speak to what he feels or what he knows. Don't make assumptions or put words in his mouth. Don't be condescending. 

Don't create false hope. The idea that you may change your mind, or get back together some day are normal fantasies to have, but they are almost always fantasies. Right now, it's a break up because *you want* to break up.

Speak for yourself and speak honestly: You're happy. You don't feel you're compatible. You want to break up.
The first thing you do to get through this is abandon all illusions of control.

There are no perfect words, or magic incantation that make this go perfectly smoothly and gives you everything you want -- including the vague hope of a future where you reconnect. 

Be clear to be kind. Don't let it be drawn out unnecessarily. Don't get into a debate. Don't pursue 'closure'. Closure is a thing for you each to figure out on your own. It's not work you do together.

Remember that he doesn't owe you friendship any more than you owe him a relationship. You can ask for what you want, but in the end if he doesn't also want that, or if he wants to set this bridge on fire and piss on the flames, there is nothing you can do to change that.
This is all more than a little silly.

I have rarely been the only person with "my" name in any class or workplace.

Your GF could go by that name. She is currently choosing not, for her own reasons. Consideration, convenience, or anything else. If/When your GF chooses to go primarily by that name, she can and will.

My mother and my partner's mother have the exact same name. It's only very occasionally confusion. We know who is who.
He's probably not the safest or healthiest person for you to seek support from for these big feelings. 

For that reason, I wouldn't do it. *You* need and deserve support far more than he has any 'right' to know what was, in the end, a personal medical event. Your ex is just not the right place to go looking for that comfort and empathy, a week after the breakup.
Tell him to stop bringing it up unprompted. It's unwelcome. This is the opposite of helpful.

He's only making another barrier for you, and making it a bit harder for you to be honest and transparent with him -- because you don't want to have to manage *his feelings* about it. 

Tell him in no uncertain terms to back the hell off. If he means well, then he needs to do well. And doing well right now means shutting up completely about this, for a least a few weeks.
She a mentally ill addict, with ten years on you. 

You don’t handle her. You handle you, and you step away from a connection that is not healthy or productive for you.
This! Before the reunion I was willing to cut Marshall a lot a slack for being an imperfect human being in a very shitty situation. 

Now, I just plain old don’t like him. He’s not a monster. Just a big ole Nope.
Jordon Peterson retired from UofT. He had not taught since 2017. Which is a polite way of saying he was no longer welcome or productive in any serious academic environment and hadn’t been for a long while.

He’s a grifter. He found a more lucrative grift on the radicalization pipeline. 

He did not, and will not, respect transgendered students. He was never threatened with jail for misgendering of his students. (He was fundamentally mischaracterising the law.) He was merely sternly reminded by his employer that he was expected to treat individuals on campus with respect after he went in the record saying he may choose not too respect if an individual’s pronouns if he decides they were “being political” or had a chip on their shoulder about it.

The Ontario College of Psychologists is positioned to discipline him and remove his license — not because of his transphobia — but because of his shameless trolling, grandiosity, attention-baiting and pontificating on subjects way outside of his areas of competence. If you want to behave like Joe Rogen, you don’t get to keep your license as a clinician. 

And “No official position” on homosexuality is laughable attempt at a defence. Did you really type that with a straight face? If you did, you may want to read up on his official positions on climate change. That’s funnier, and makes it all the more concerning if Paul is following him unironically.
I’d been skeptical of this reading of him, until the reunion. He didn’t mean “nurturing”. He absolutely meant submissive and servile. And he didn’t tell her because the first rule of these philosophies is that you never tell a woman plainly what you actually think of her or her entire gender. 

I don’t like Micah very much, but I do believe she sincerely grew during this experience — and she needed too, she seemed far younger than her actual 27 years — but her real crime with Paul seems to be she wasn’t quite _malleable enough_.
No man. What she knows is she can do what she wants, and then punish you for a while if you dare to point out she’s being shitty.

That what she knows to expect. 

If you don’t want to date someone who behaves this way, then you have to not date someone who behaves this way.
Why on earth would you want to marry this woman? She understands just fine. She understands she can bully and torture you into even considering this absurdity.
And that’s exactly the dynamic you want to maintain. Her looking ridiculous. You looking bored.

Keep the rest of this to yourself.
That’s precisely my point.

This emotional reaction is as much as a threat to you, if not more, than her behaviour. And this you can control. Her behaviour you cannot.

If you accept her premise that this is a war, others will play along and enjoy the show immensely, and you’re far more likely to loose some battles along the way.

I didn’t mean give her grace for her own sake. I meant manage yourself, because the thoughts you allow to fester will leak out and could  impact the outcome here.
Just bring a bit of grace to the situation.

Even if she an awful, paranoid little drama llama, she had the misfortune to fall in with an abuser who would take advantage of those qualities to keep this even more toxic and dangerous her than they might otherwise be.

We don’t have to like a person, or agree with their choices, to recognize they are also being harmed.

Don’t let her off the hook for her actions, but keep your own thoughts free of malice.
Yeah. That’s the shit you have to not give into the temptation to tell your coworkers. Don’t say anything that would contribute to the narrative besides “I am not surprised he has lied about me. I really just want nothing to do with him.”

Don’t get put on the defensive, and don’t become part of the story. Don’t give them more to talk about or compare notes over. The story in the workplace cannot be about your relationship from 15 years ago. The story needs to be “Sandrine is really weird and running her mouth, and OP is just shrugging and saying “not surprised, but not interested.””
Besides documenting what you’re hearing and how this impacting you in the workplace, there is nothing to do. A big reaction from you only validates their private little drama.

Being disinterested and bored by her behaviour is what others will see. It’s far better for you if you can ride this out until her behaviour is unpleasant _for others_.
Nothing. You keep doing nothing. 

You let Sandrine have her space, and you speak to your boss if her avoidance is impacting your work. 

She’s frightened _of him_. Of the stories she’s told been told. It’s really not about you, but entirely about his fictions. If anyone asks you, that is what you say “It was a long time ago, but if he is still anything like the man I knew, I’m not surprised he has her frightened. He was very manipulative in the past. I want nothing to do with him, and I am happy for Sandrine to maintain whatever boundary she needs as long as we can work together cordially.”

I know it’s hard to keep your cool, but it’s your only shield. Disinterest is your best defence. If someone asks you, express some slight pity but understanding and reiterate: I am not involved. I will not get involved. I am happy not speaking about him, or to him. I want no contact with him, and Sandrine and I can have civil workplace contact and nothing else.
Sadie may have attention-seeking behaviours, but this wasn't an example of one.

This was an example of *you* having some others issues with Sadie and looking, rather hard, for a reason to 'confront her' about her reasonable choice.

If you don't *like* your friends, don't be friends. If you *like* your friends, stop micromanaging them and accusing them of shit. 

If you want to fix this, apologize for sticking your nose in shit that is absolutely none of your business. Without making excuses or trying to justify yourself. She may still not want to be your friend anymore. I wouldn't want to be friends with you if you were gonna make accusations over changing my top in a car.
One of the most common fantasies out there for heterosexual women. 

This is just entirely personal reflection, but I found that my ravishment and consensual nonconsent fantasies diminished a great deal as I became more comfortable expressing my own sexual desires. For me, they were a way to not be blamed, not to be responsible for what I wanted. I felt like I didn’t have many healthy ways that I was allowed to say I like sex. I am a woman with a higher libido, and all the messages I got from most of my life where that I needed to be sort of a passive recipient. Lots of men and women responded negatively if I took on the role of pursuer or if I was really direct about what I wanted. Took me a long time and my life to unpack that. I still enjoy that sort of play, but it’s a much smaller part of the mix for me now.
Not a danger flag, but certainly a sign of incompatibility and disrespect. 

His reaction is far, far more weird than keeping a childhood toy.
Some other things women consent to do when it benefits them:

Load trucks
Operate cash resisters
Design buildings
Write code
Operate on brains 

Women are _so weird_. /s
His fees fees.

I mean, he’s super logical and not irrationally emotional like those females, so there must be something factual behind his intense FEELINGS. Right? /s
It seems likely that your grandfather might have some age related difficulties. 

I would recommend that you set a consistent time that you speak to your grandfather. Pick some thing that would work in your schedule and then stick to it religiously. Maybe early mornings would be great, if he’s an early riser.

As my great aunt got older, I spoke to her for 20 minutes early in the morning on Wednesdays and then spoke to her a little bit longer on Sunday evenings. Other than that I screened her calls, she was bored and confused often and I felt for her. We were both most comfortable with really clear expectations about when I would contact her.
You’re describing pretty normal dating, for most normal people. Yes, it absolutely does suck. Yes you’re going to have a lot more rejection then dates. You don’t know what’s going on in someone else’s life, and in the sorts of situation you never will.

You need to make sure that you filled your life with some other joys as well, you’re putting way too much into these initial connections. It can be a tough roller coaster to ride, but you got a level of the emotional floor a bit.
I mean, this isn’t working. You’re on again off again for a year. You know this isn’t working. 

And she’s was right. She might also be petty and drama seeking but she’s right. Telling you take a job you wanted to take and move for, is quite different than you telling her what she needs in a relationship. 

Stop having stupid side fights. This is over. It wasn’t working. You’re leaving. Have some damn graciousness.
If were nitpicking, a 27 year old is not a girl.

If you’re in an LDR with no immediate plans to be move/live together with, _if_ is appropriate for any plan that isn’t the confirmed. 

Be honest and direct with her about _your intentions_. Clarity is important, and scary to say things with certainty in these cases. If she’s hedging, make is clear you mean to take these next steps.
The vast majority of photographers are going to have periods in their life of this sort of work. If not make their whole career on it. Naked women sell shit. 

If you don’t trust his character in a room with a naked professional, don’t date him.

If he cannot address your discomfort without immediately talking about “permission” and artistic freedom, don’t date him. He should be addressing your fears by talking about professionalism, respect, boundaries and goals. We’re talking about collaborating with other people. This isn’t about”ma freedum!” or “ma arts!”. This is about being a good collaborator and creator with purpose.

You’re not shitty to tell him you’re uncomfortable. He’s handling this totally reasonable conversation in a super immature way.
This.

I think this is where you’re messing up,  for me, casual still includes a fair bit of friendship, not necessarily dating or romantic activities, but I definitely want you actually know you’re person I want to talk to, and spend a few hours with.

A drink and a fuck, is a hook up. Maybe ongoing hook ups, but a step down from “casual” in my book. The word you’re looking for a hook up.
Yes. It matters. It’s gonna matter, especially if your life stages diverge. 

That doesn’t mean it won’t work out, or that he’s doing anything terribly wrong. But don’t be naive and pretend the gap doesn’t exist. Don’t be willfully blind. You’re not ageless. That’s a justification and a delusion. 

And they always say “you’re really mature”. The 40 year olds who rape 12 year old say that. The power dynamics fester because they are not immediately obvious to the younger person, and the elder person enjoys them. Being mature for your age, is totally different from being a compatible peer with someone who is older. 

This is something you’re going to have to keep eyes open to for several years in this relationship. There is no dodging it. It’s a challenge and a risk that exists here.
It’s been 24 hours. The window is closing fast.

In my opinion, what you really need to do is stop having sex and figure out how to manage your anxiety and/or prevent condom breakage. 

Plan B is a Plan B. For some women, it doesn’t have much of an impact. For others, it is positively miserable. That’s before we get to the expense. While you should be open with her about your anxiety and concerns. That is a pretty big ask of her, just because something “felt off”.

If this is where you’re at mentally, you shouldn’t be having sex until you have a better shared contraception plan and a personal anxiety management plan. There isn’t a physical problem here with her body that requires pharmaceutical intervention. There is a core problem here with your comfort level with sex, and it’s risks
Your parents are going to start drama if they want to. It’s understandable for them to be a bit disappointed, put anything past that is a choice.

Accept this. There’s no magic collection of words you can say to control that, or make them feel a certain way about the situation. They are going to feel how they feel, and do what they do.

Tell them you’re looking forward to their visit, and recommend a hotel. If it’s an issue of money, then maybe you want to contribute to the hotel bill.

Honestly, though, this should’ve been sorted out when the invitation was made. It shouldn’t have been held off until a few weeks before they arrive. It should’ve been part of the structure of the invitation so all parties knew exactly what they were getting into. In the future, you need to make this a core part of the planning from the very beginning. Don’t bring it up after the date are set.

You may also consider just telling them the truth. They haven’t always been consistently nice to your wife, so in order to keep the peace, you were making sure that they, and your wife and you, have space apart from one another during the visit. Tell them you’re not open to reconsidering this at this time, because you feel it’s been working well and you believe the relationship has been improving with these sorts of boundaries in place.
You need a sensible lawyer’s advice on other ways to think about this. 

It’s totally reasonable for her to want to feel she is building equity and is fully invested, but a 50/50 split is probably not going create the best overall living situation for the both of you. 

The other way forward it to start shopping in your price range. When my partner and I began, I was the lower earned and he was keen on 50/50. When he saw the reality of what a place that was 50/50 looked like, as opposed to a place that was split based on income (65/35) he rapidly changed his mind. She may also change her mind if confronted with the real limits of her budget, as opposed to our budget. Or, you may be the one to change your mind and see other opportunities to invest capital besides your primary home.
You weren’t rude and I’d have “been rude” sooner. I just say “Please don’t touch me.” Ideally, loud enough for others to hear clearly, and less in the tone of _pretty please_ and more in the tone of _WTF you think you’re doing I will break you fingers._

Nothing good has ever come of letting someone touch me twice. 

Hints are for people who are being nice. Randos with their hands on me _aren’t nice_ and I don’t have be nice back. We ain’t in kindergarten anymore you keep your damn hands to yourself.
Ew.

I mean. I don’t wish harm on anyone, and they would be out of the dating pool in theory.

But, ew.
Strange. Most of the people who have been resentful of my promotions have been men. Where they secretly women?
It would be a lovely thing if incels and men’s right activists decided to get behind pubic transit investment!
I can believe it. I’m only just a ice average height, but If I put on big boots and a mean face, I can improve my odds drastically down town.
This might blow back on him.

Guy once asked me to read Moon is a Harsh Mistress cause it was so formative for him. I did. When asked what I thought I said the pacing was horrible and I was deeply concerned by the books attitudes towards woman as supporting cast members in men’s lives and that Stranger in A Strange Land was a far, far better book overall. 

Don’t tell a 20-something “intellectual” that you’ve read more Heinlein than they have, and you have some notes.
She says in the OP she is in therapy. And that all the miscarriages were in the last year… 

It strains credulity to imagine he was unaware of all of those miscarriages and the therapy appointments, but sure. Suppose it’s possible.
Sure. How could any other adult human being be expected to imagine that three miscarriages, including a second-trimester one which has OP seeking therapy, *might* be impacting her emotional state right now? How absurd of us to expect an adult partner to maybe, ask her if she’s OK? Tell her it's totally understandable if she has a lot of big feels? Say shit like 'We'll be in together no matter what happens' or even 'I'm proud of you and we'll get through this?' Instead of telling her she’s not being nice enough *to him* and considerate enough of his feelings?

/s

For fucks sake, men have us so conned. I don't think OP is handling this perfectly but the idea that he's incapable of better is embarrassing. Very few men are as stupid and incompetent as they like to pretend to be when not getting what they want.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

There doesn't seem to be a problem here -- except possibly you realize just how much labour will be involved in maintaining completely separate finances while moving towards a more and more joined life. 

As long as you're comfortable forgoing any interest on these payments, then an email agreement between you two would probably be sufficient.
“Serves me, and doesn’t have enough experience to realize that is a shit deal.”
Modern chivalry is just called consideration. 

It’s concerning anyone is still clinging a philosophy that boiled down to “Stop raping and thieving so much just cause you have the swords. You’re upsetting the poors.”
You can't control other people's reactions. 

Most people's friends and family don't want to know details about their sex life. 

It is risky to speak to a friend about something like this for a first time. You have to make the choice based on what you know about the individual. People here aren't going to be able to help you much with that. Rando opinions on Reddit *definitely* aren't going to help.
He only noticed this because of his Asian fetish.

If you watch any busy sidewalk for 10 mins you'll see the vast majority of young women yield to men of all ages. Unless there is a walker or stroller involved, most women yield and most men claim 'their space' in public.

You can find lots of anecdotal stories out there from women who decided to stop yielding and moving out of the way for others and they all say the same thing: Women moved to avoid them. Men knocked into them. It's a fun experiment if you can put up with some bruising. Google 'manslamming'.
Bisexuals can be lovely, loyal parters.

Bisexuals can also be cheating, gaslighting assholes.

You know which one you're dealing with.
That's called dating. 

For everyone 100 matches you get *maybe* 10 conversations, for every 100 conversations *maybe* 10 dates, for every 10 first dates, *maybe* one second date. 

There doesn't need to be anything wrong with you. Dating is hard and most people you meet with you won't click with. These women are doing you a favor. Please stop assuming they are being "unfair" or stupid. They aren't. 

And you're not really all that into these women either. You're just bent out of shape because they got to do the rejecting. Let go of that bullshit and recognize that this is going to take a larger time commitment and more effort if you want to find a serious relationship.
There are lots of idiots on Reddit who don't think men should have feelings or normal human vulnerabilities or sentimentalities. Best to just ignore their trolling.
I'd bet you're right: She was likely taught this in therapy.

'Stand-ins' or proxies like this are a tool therapists will sometimes suggest to help people -- and not just children -- communicate, or signal they are ready to communicate about difficult things.

While I wouldn't enjoy it, it's not necessarily unhealthy. I wouldn't be overly concerned about it, but you should be able to ask her questions about this tool and how it works for her, and express discomfort if you have any.

In an ideal world, she would have discussed this technique with your *prior* to implementing it in your relationship, but it's possible that it's so natural and normal to her she didn't realize it would be strange for someone else to be on the receiving end of it for the first time.
Yeah. And I believe Arnold's son with Maria Shriver did choose to work out (more/differently) and change his look later on in life. There is no body-shaming here. Guy on the right just looks like a normal human being and not someone who is necessarily pursuing a career as an action movie star. Which is what is happening!
In the image above, the child he had with the housekeeper and hid is the one on the left. The data was already wrong, AND  they held the charts upside down.
They didn't. Arnold had a child with the housekeeper and hid it from the rest of his family for over a decade.
And he held the charts upside down.
Biology, and his own ignorance about the impact of miscarriages and grief, have isolated him. You didn't do it to him. He's a full participant in this dynamic and he is not putting in the work to address it.

Try to open up to him about your fears and stress. Explain to him that while his optimism and happiness is lovely for him, it can be exhausting work for you to both manage your complex feelings, and your body, and *also* be made responsible for addressing *his feelings* in the way he enjoys most.

You would benefit from being more open with him, but he also needs be a much safer and more empathetic person to be open with. Your feelings are valid and you will not always have the bandwidth to take care of his too. He needs to do better and recognize the actual, valid emotional complexity of this situation for you. He cannot just steamroll you with "Me Me Me"ing.
And it wasn’t, like, at all. What happened.
But… the one who was raised by the mother is the buff one in the left. Arnold didn’t acknowledge him until he was publicly shamed into it when the kid was like 14. 

It was the dude on the right who was raised by Arnold. For fucks sake Maria Shriver is standing right behind him! (And also, fuck that noise. He’s not a movie star so he doesn’t to do the work to look like one. Me neither!)
How’d you get “ask her how she’s feeling” from “constant texting and asking if I’m going to leave him.“

He’s a bully. Being insecure or confused doesn’t make you not also a bully.
Have you talked about it?

It doesn't seem completely unreasonable, as neither of you appears to have *planned* sex into the equation. 

I think it's actually an important stage in a couple's relationship when you can spend time together without having sex, but given the whole context of this LDR, this is a thing you need to talk about. And you need to do it before you leave. It's not fair to either of you to carry this anxiety and not attempt to resolve it and understand one another while you're together.
If you want to date Paul, your friendship with Jay is probably over.

You don't always get everything you want outta life. Jay's feelings may not be rational, but he's entitled to them and he's not obligated to be your friend, or pretend to be your friend, if he is not able to be at peace with your choices.
You're making some bad choices. Most people are gonna think that, after you're caught having sex with a teenager in a public parking lot, and it's a reasonable thing to think.

You may not *mean* to, but at 25 you should be aware that 18-year-olds are not responsible partners for you, even casually. It says a concerning thing about your character, and your sense, that you didn't know that. Every 40-year-old dating an 18-year-old says they are "pretty mature" as well.  That's not a reasonable argument. Of course they are. It's not about them. It's about what it says about you.

The fact there are also sexist assumptions about different age gaps when the genders or sexuality is different is also, not a reasonable argument for your particular situation. You're making poor choices to get involved sexually with an 18 year old. Your expectations and needs in any sort of relationship, even a FWBs one, should be pretty damn different from an 18-year-olds.

While you do not owe anyone any answers to their questions about your sex life, those people who know you're fucking at 18 year old are not obligated to like it, and are allowed to think poorly of you for it.
This man is trash, and he's bringing out the *absolute worst* in you.

Go make better choices with someone better.
There is no magic sequences of words that perfectly control how another person feels.

I gave you the script below. Do that. 

*"I'd feel most comfortable at this stage in our relationship, if we both got STI tests. Whadday think of that?"*
*You ask* because *you* were worried it would sound accusatory.

Dude.
If it's something important to you, that would make you feel more comfortable and secure with your contraceptive plan and sex life with her, yes. 

That doesn't mean there is no risk of her reacting poorly -- the risk does exist --but it's a reasonable thing to ask and it'd be good to know if she's not a reasonable person about it.
They don't happen "randomly". You do have to be exposed to them. The T means 'transmitted". But many people are asymptomatic, and don't know they have any of them.

Your request for an STI test is reasonable. It doesn't mean you don't trust her. It's just a better safe than sorry sort of situation, for you both, before you continue with barrier-free sex.
>She would have symptoms if she had an STD.

This is literally the worst, most wrong-headed medical advice you could have possibly offered. 

Your first example, chlamydia, can be asymptomatic for years.
That's exactly how you do it:

*"I'd feel most comfortable at this stage in our relationship, if we both got STI tests. Whadday think of that?"*

You don't have perfect control over her reactions, but you know your request is reasonable and that's the way to say it.
It's not too much.

But if you want to be clear, send him a very, very short and very cold message that says something like "This contact is unwanted. Do not send me any more communications in any channel or form. If you do, the next person who explains to you why this is not acceptable, with be a police officer."
Break up.

You are not bringing the security and respect to this relationship that is absolutely necessary for it to be a healthy one, for either of you.

Either speak to a therapist to do the work, by yourself because it's all your work, to make peace with the reality of women as full human beings with inherent value regardless of thier sexual past, or break up and find a relationship that doesn't trigger the worst parts of your character in this way.

There isn't a lot of great advice here man. This is a *you* problem. Either *you* fix it, or *you* don't. If you don't, won't or can't, then you end this relationship and relationship where you fail to respect your partner's past.
Those absolutely can be emotionally abusive things to say. Especially if he doesn't take accountability for them, makes it your job to resolve his violations, and continues the behavior. 

Have you considered this man might have a lot more experience masking his really shitty behaviour, than you do seeing through this sort of manipulation?

People don't generally date 10+ years younger than them because they are looking for a balanced, respectful relationship between equals.

We forgive people for mistakes. We don't 'forgive' people for actively creating and maintaining a relationship where they get to treat us like shit whenever it pleases them to do so.
Seems like she's been pretty clear and consistent.

If you still have feelings, then you need to end (or really minimize) this contact.

She's not respecting your boundaries and leaving you confused and hurting. That isn't a 'friendship' that is working out for you. You can try to be clear again ("We cannot be friends if you keep joking about having sex with me after I've asked you to stop.") or you can just take the big step back right now.
Tell him you are beaking up. Tell him you don't want any further contact. It's not a conversation or a discussion. There is no closure. Just tell him what is happening, and then do it.

Block him on everything. Start recording any violations of the block so you can have the cops or other adults explain the situation if he continues to try to reach you, and *bully* you.

Refuse delivery on anything he has sent. If you cannot, don't acknowledge it.

A breakup isn't a negotiation, and he's not being kind. He's being a shitty little bully. Cut him out entirely and don't feel badly about removing someone from your life who doesn't respect you when you speak.
Eh, it's pretty good so far.

Good luck with it. If you can learn try to be kind to yourself and others, even when you're disappointed and frustrated, you'll have a way better and easier time of it too!
Do you actually want to marry this guy?

'Cause it sounds like you're looking for reasons to label him "Not good enough". After four years together, and saying yes, you should know who you're marrying and you should know if he knows you, and listens to your needs and expectations, well enough.
You, and most people, usually keep on trying a bit longer than it makes any sense. I'd say walk away now, but you probably aren't going too. 

So my advice would be to stop when you find yourself resenting her and making unfair/unreasonable judgments about her character, just because she's not giving you what you want. 

The best thing to learn is that it's okay to just break up with someone. A good person, who just isn't good for you. Don't give into the urge to turn them into a "Bad Bad Person" in your own head, before you give yourself permission to walk away from a pretty good person who is just not a pretty good person for you. That will save you a lot of drama and stress in life if you learn to stop, and walk, before you demonize someone who has done nothing really except disappoint you.
It sounds like you're just not feeling secure and compatible.

That's not really about texting.

It's a month in. You shouldn't be using words like "expectations" and "accommodating" with these heavily negative connotations so early on! This just *isn't working for you*. Stop trying to turn her into a monster in your own head, before you're willing to admit this *just isn't working for you*.
You need to calm the fuck down.

Not everyone engages with text the same way. That's actually not all generational. Even among the same generation, different people have different patterns and priorities.

It's okay to express what you need and want, but you've known her long enough now to suspect that her preferred method of communication is in-person. That doesn't make her evil, or even disinterested. It makes her different. The fact you are jumping to the assumption she's lying or game-playing is a red flag -- on you.

In the short term, ask her if a 20-30 minute video call between dates or a phone call would work for her. It might help you feel connected. Your feelings do need to be addressed if this connection is gonna work out -- but mostly by you, not all by her -- and bring them down like 8 notches and recognize that her norms around texting are also totally valid. There is nothing "not proper" about her choice not to stalk you on social media all the time. You want to talk about your shooting? Then talk to her as a person, not a follower or audience member. Stop it with the nasty assumptions about her character because she's not reading your mind and serving your texting preferences.
Your girlfriend is accurately understanding that 17 is very different from 22, and is kicking herself for an error in judgment she made years ago. This is not about the legal age of consent. This is about her own standards, for herself, and her belief she didn't meet them.

The best thing you can do is be honest with her about feeling empowered and free to choose in the relationship, and accept the fact that just because she feel guilt or thinks she made a mistake, doesn't mean the relationship was or is broken now. 

Stop trying to tell her "it wasn't that bad". That's not gonna work. Instead, tell her you admire how she has set out to respect you and value you despite the age difference, and that you don't want this mistake (that you don't necessarily agree was a mistake, but can respect she does) to damage the great relationship you have now, nine years later, as equals.
The only person who can offer any particular helpful explanations is her, and she's not doing that. She's said No to speaking to a doctor or therapist who could help her do that. You don't get *to know* right now.

Of course, pregnancy hormones could be impacting her, but if she won't speak to a doctor about her emotional state then there is nothing you can do about that.

It really sounds like you're looking for ways to '*make her change back*' and that isn't going to work. You can only address the things she's doing and saying to you, and what you're willing to accept in the friendship.

Stop trying to change her. Admit it when you cannot support her or accept her negativity. Telling her that isn't "leaving her in the dark place". Not telling her the truth is abandoning her and will leave her more confused and hurt that her long-time friends don't want to talk to her anymore. At least give her the respect of telling her why you're withdrawing from these conversations -- cause she already knows you're not happy with her and you're withdrawing from her.
"I require monogamy. Sexual exclusivity in a partner."

Put it to him that plainly. We all have fantasies and crushes. You cannot do everything (or everyone) in life you want too.

If you do not want an open relationship of any kind, say so clearly and firmly. If you never want a threesome (or, never with this particular woman he's been crushing on for ages) say so. Directly.

Your boyfriend and immature and craves validation. It's not the sort of guy I'd want to even have an open relationship with to be honest. Openness and non-monogamy requires way more self-awareness, consideration and rationality than he's displayed here so far.
You don't have to be friends with someone you don't want to be friends with.

I agree you need to support your spouse through grief, but I think you need to stop assuming you have perfect insight into their marriage. If you can't support her in this, just admit that and opt out.
Besides the incident with the Xanax, the rest of this sounds like she is rather legitimately angry with an inconsiderate husband and boundary-busting in-laws. 

You should admit that her concerns and the intensity of her feelings are way beyond what you can help her with as a friends, and encourage her to speak to a therapist or counsellor -- You cannot give her the support she's looking for. 

Stop trying to calm her down. Tell her she's right: That sucks and you don't know how to help. If she's thinking of divorce, and feeling that angry that often, she should talk to a mental health professional. She needs and deserves that support.
You're not equiped to be in a long-term committed relationship.

Do not have "a fling". Be an adult and break up if you're not interested in the same sort of committed relationship agreement that your GF is.
Talk to your husband. You need to let him in on this struggle you're having.

He'll probably tell you exactly what I'm going to tell you, if he hasn't already: This man is not your friend. He's never been your friend. That was never his intention. He's your hostage-taker. He doesn't value your friendship. He values the illusion of intimacy (including some low-key sexual intimacy) that he is manipulating and obligating you to perform for him.

Regardless of what your husband says, I would tell your "friend" that your husband has seen his comments about divorce and his compliments, and your husband is insisting this is inappropriate and that you need to end the friendship. Then you can block him. You can apologize but say you need to focus on your marriage. It's not totally untrue. And you can ignore any future contact, unless you need to call 911 to go make sure he's no dead.

Men have a very bad habit of respecting other men's 'property rights' over their wives and girlfriend, more than they respect those actual women when they speak. When a man is treating me poorly, I will happily use this misogyny against him to make him stop abusing my kindness.
While I agree her behaviour is imperfect, there is something to be said for being more aggressive in group settings, if the norm in the group includes dominant or fast-paced talkers like your GF.

Your GF should be willing to moderate her behaviour, however, she's not *solely* responsible for your feelings of alienation. It's also on you to come up with your own strategies for handling that.

It might mean turning and starting another one-on-one conversation. (I do this a lot in groups where one person tends to dominate. I see if I can start a second quieter conversation with one other person. It's not a play, you can see if someone else will engage with you while the louder person is lecturing the group.) It also might mean asking other people questions about things your GF does not know details about. It might mean introducing a topic of conversation where you have more to say than your GF does.

Your GF is in the wrong, but this is also part of her nature that probably is never going to be completely resolved to your personal preferences, and she's not the only one who needs to be a part of the solution here. Talking to her about the steps you're taking to feel more included in group conversations, might even help give her some small things she can do to support you, instead of making it all her job to *make you* feel included.

If the problem persists, then you might be fundementally incompatible, but I'd address this first as something you need to change your approach/tactics on, not something she has to gift you.
You're willfully ignorant of your own behaviours and feelings, and of how those behaviours will be reasonably experienced by others, and probably struggle to say simple things like "I'm concerned" or "I'm feeling confused about the boundaries with this dude."

Communication is gonna be rough. Good luck with it.
>Where in the post did I say it was the third or fourth time I've said this?

I didn't say it was. I said "especially if". *Was* this the first time you brought it up? Think again: Was it *really* the first time you expressed negative feelings towards her coworker and this friendship? Do you *really* think she wasn't picking up on your feelings toward him earlier than this? Possible. Not likely.

>Asking how close she is with someone isn't an insult at all

Dude, this shit *just doesn't work*. You cannot be willfully ignorant of the subtext, and think it's gonna work out well. 

Give yourself a smack up the head and be honest about your own shit: She reasonably felt attacked because you *did attack her behaviours*, instead of owning and acknowledging your own feelings of discomfort or concerns. Feelings which were valid! And you could have expressed without the "But I'm just asking questions" bullshit games.

It was an accusation, not a question. You knew it. She knew it! What you meant to say was "I'm uncomfortable" and instead you said "I'm too much of a chicken shit to talk about my valid concerns and feelings, so I'm going to imply you're doing something bad and try to force your to justify and defend yourself, instead of having an open conversation about your feelings too!"

You probably don't mean to be gaslighting, but is what you're getting at. You're trying to obligate her to pretend you're being nice, when you both know you're accusing her of wrong-doing.

What you need to do, can do and should do, is acknowledge you're not comfortable with this friendship. That is valid. That doesn't mean she's done any monstrously wrong. It just means you're not comfortable, and that can and should be addressed. Baseless, shady accusations dressed up like their innocent questions --- yeah that shit pisses people off.
This is already a breakup. 

Stop prolonging your suffering. Stick the break up and end all contact.
16 male and 19 female subjects.

That is not meaningful support for the idea they women can detect facial symmetry in body odour. This is not how girls work. Not on the basis of this study.

Oddly enough the thing that seems to be brushed right past here is that the strongest correlation in this (25-year-old, very small) study was actually the men smelling the pretty ladies: The smell of the women was rated by men as sexier, the more attractive their faces. These few men could sniff out a pretty face apparently! The women's responses to the scent of the men were way more nuanced and less clear.
This would also require OP actually talking about his actual feelings. 

"I'm concerned/I'm feeling insecure/I have questions about boundaries" and not opening up with thinly veiled insults like "So, how close are you?"

"You need to trust me to select my own friends." isn't a totally fair response to "I feel insecure" but it's a totally valid response to baseless accusations, especially if it's the third or fourth time you've heard 'em.
You came to her with your concerns and she told you what's up.

Keeping on coming at her with this, over and over again, is telling her that you think she's a liar and cannot be trusted to select her own friends, or maintain boundaries with them.

If that's what you think of her, don't date her.

If you want to talk about *your feelings*, and have them acknowledged, then go ahead and talk about *your feelings*. A conversation about your feelings doesn't open with obvious judgement and accusatory language like "How much do you two still talk?" and "Just how close are you two?" it starts with "I'm feeling insecure about the level of contact I'm seeing. Can we talk about boundaries with this new friend and make sure we're on the same page? I need some reassurance." If you're feeling vulnerable or concerned, or would like different boundaries to be matinained, say so. Talk about that! But don't expect her to play conveniently stupid for you, when she knows she's being directly insulted and judged, not being asked to have a conversation about how you're feeling.
Spoken like a person who has never once been at risk of being labelled "that upright B who just cannot take a joke" in the office.

There are reasons to let shit slide. You don't have to agree with her choices, but it can be extremely hard (and risky) for young women in workplaces to draw those boundaries. We cannot afford to go around picking those fights needlessly with the rude men around us, because there are real fights that are real risks that might need all our capital to address. Preferring to laugh it off is a perfectly normal response.
16 male and 19 female subjects…

Haha, yeah. No. 

It really only supports what we already know — women who are ovulating are more sensitive to body odour then women who are not. A lot of women could have told you this themselves if you’d bothered asking.
I think this is far too fast, but that doesn't really matter very much.

What's the plan for the talk? How do you imagine that conversation going with her? Are you trying to ask her if this is working for her? Are there things you're worried about for yourself you're not getting in this arrangement?
This probably wasn't about your erection.

It is exceedingly unlikely she thought about it a tenth as much as you are right now.

I know you don't want to believe that, because you're feeling wounded and insecure, but the worst thing you can do for your long-term happiness is let this anxiety fester. You're never going to know for sure, but it probably wasn't about that.

It was three weeks of a will-they-wont-they between two long-time friends, and she tapped out. That was actually the most likely outcome regardless of what happened with your penis. Most of those connections fizzle out. Most of the time, one or both people decide, *Nope, actually there is a reason we're friends and not more*.

You're never going to know for sure. You probably won't believe her if she tells you, but the facts are:

1. Sometimes the body and brain aren't in alignment and it's rarely as big a deal for women as men assume it is. It's normal. It happens. It doesn't matter much. The most annoying part about it for most women is that the guy gets really emotionally worked up about it. 
2. Very often, the person we have romantic feelings for doesn't share them.

These two facts rarely have anything to do with one another.
You need to learn to say No. Full-sentence. No excuses. Just "No". 

Your mother can stand outside the door until your siblings let her in. It's important that you make your mother suffer under their bad behavior as well, as she is the one with more power to actually correct it. 

You also need to speak to your mother about some transparency into the household finances. You are an adult and it's not safe, or responsible, if she is the only one who knows how the lights get kept on. What if something happens to her? It's way past time for her to share the budget and basic details with you if she expects you to keep contributing and living in this home as a 30 year old. She might not be deliberately mistreating you, but she's also not setting her adult children up for success by keeping them totally ignorant.
Not your circus, not your monkeys.

Block him everywhere and move on with your life.
I'd just find it so immature that my adult partner was spending so much time porn-scrolling on socials. It's not about trust or control, it's about wanting to to be dating an adult who doesn't sink hours of their day into mindlessly thirsting.

By all means, enjoy consensually and ethically created porn, but obsessively using IG that way is just so... what a 12-year-old in 2013 would do. Yuck.
Hah. My ex was the same way. 

He ended it, but clearly believed he'd be able to bully me and watch me suffer because he made 2-3x more than me. Told me to my face that I had stalled his life, and couldn't afford to live without him. We were both a bit shocked to discover that I had significantly more money in savings (his refusal to be transparent about finances was a huge part of the breakdown. He liked to be 'the man' who decided and who paid for everything, and then hold it over my head that I wasn't contributing to the plans he'd made alone). 

Immediately he decided I must have taken advantage of him -- after years of refusing to talk about money with me as if I was an adult and a partner -- instead of recognizing he had terrible habits he was hiding from me, and I didn't benefit from in the least.
Then I’m not sure why you asked if he’s a potential rapist. Kinda six of one, half a dozen of the other at that point isn’t it? Not a question of is he violent, just which kind of violence to classify it as in court.
Yes. You just had a man tell you he’s a violent criminal in search of an excuse.

If he hasn’t actually behaved like a violent criminal yet, it’s only because he doesn’t feel he’s found a good enough excuse. But he’s definitely on the look out for one!
I made a similar choice. My ex made it clear he didn’t want an agreement, he wanted to fight over every penny in court and there just weren’t enough pennys involved to bother extending his presence in my life even that much. Oddly, the person who was most angry with my choice was my own father. He’s not a “woke” guy by any means, but my dad was the one who felt most strongly that my ex has stolen my labour and dodged his responsibilities after 10 years together. 

Everyone says women go for every penny but I never met the woman who went to the mat for anything except the children in her care. And even then, I know a few who said it wasn’t worth the drama.
It’s absolutely a thing people believe. 

It doesn’t matter how often you point out to them that divorce almost always leaves a woman less financially secure than marriage does. Especially if they have children.

The vast majority of women who choose divorce, are choosing to be seriously poorer than they were before. Some of them know damn well they’re choosing poverty. 

Far too many men just cannot accept that poverty is better than living with them. (or, but raising children is extremely expensive and yes, it actually is still your job even when the mom stops fucking you. If you don’t like that, take it up with capitalism, not the custodial parent.)
The simple argument is that the cats are going -- that's the plan. Any disruption to their patterns right now just means it's more likely the cats won't be successfully trapped relocated. She's not getting rid of the cats by messing with the current situation -- she's making it more likely they'll stick around after you're gone.  

But she won't listen to reason. 

More realistically, you should just speak to your landlord and neighbours about someone else taking on the feeding. You have other more pressing responsibilities *to your own safety* at the moment and Eliza is far less likely to target the cats if they aren't seen as 'yours'. 

If have a neighbour network and resources of support for these cats. Use it. Don't be a lonely saint. Let the village do what a village does and focus on what you need to do to get yourself a safe living environment.
Let him know that you're not interested in dating/seeing anyone else. You're enjoying this connection and focused on it. 

It is going to be a bit early for some people, but you should always ask for what you need in any sort of relationship at any stage. 

And it's never 'too early' to be honest about what choices you're making for yourself, and to ask them what they thnk about that.
He's told you who he is.

You've told him you won't live with that person.

You are stuck until you decide your own future is more important than coasting and being comfortable with him right now, a guy you can't ever live with.
If calling you slurs and keeping you feeling insecure in the relationship is a vital freedom he requires to express his true character… then he’s not The Funny Guy. 

He’s the guy who has learned how to mask his malice and contempt behind humour.
The one that is always stayed with me is from a long time ago; I was about 19. I was riding public transit, and there was a man who wouldn’t stop talking to me and was trying to physically box me in. I had moved seats twice and I was at the stage I was just trying to ignore him, and was too scared he’d follow me if I got off the bus, which would be even worse than being on the bus where at least there were witnesses even if they were pretending not to notice. 

I was seriously starting to panic when these two much, much older ladies started shouting at me “Annie is that you?! Come here and sit with us Annie!” and demanded I take the seat between them. They spent the next two or three stops, winking at me, and talking so loudly between the two of them about “Annie” and how lovely it was to run into “Annie” and how “Annie” absolutely had to get off at their stop and have a cup of tea with them. So I did. And he slunk off and didn’t follow us.
I think you have the right idea to focus on life stages. That’s the big gap between them and it won’t disappear for nearly a decade. 

You may also do what my mother did and remind  her it’s the fact she wonderful and mature that will make her an object of interest to men older than her, including those are using her positive characteristics to mask their negative ones. My mother was addressing a much larger and more obviously predatory age gap when she said that, but it always stuck with me that she explained I’d be selected by this sort of older men because I was defensibly “mature” presenting, not because I was naive. Because I was smart and wonderful, not because I was a pushover. Because I was inexperienced, not I was dumb.
In broad terms, yes. We could get more specific, but you’ve basically got it.

We cannot always control what we’re attracted  too, but we can control and challenge the false stories and stereotypes we believe about the kinds of individuals we find sexually appealing.

To get along with people you must remember there’s a difference between a story or a fantasy or role that we might enjoy sexually and an actual unique individual person who may have a feature or characteristic, we associate with that story in our heads.

Dating involves a lot of rejection, it just does. But if you can’t deal with the individual person in front of you and separate them from the sexual object fantasy in your head about petite women, you’re gonna get rejected a lot more.
Yes! Basically. Honestly, that’s pretty impressive. You’ve understood what people are telling you. 

And it’s not a _terrible problem_. A lot of us have stories about what we see attracted too that are flawed or fetishizing to some degree, but it is an error, and it’s not going to be fair to every individual woman. And since you only date individual women, you need to be aware of your biases and your stories and your illogical beliefs about women — and keep them under control — when you speak to individual women. Otherwise many of them won’t like you or trust you.

If people feel that you’re forcing them into a particular sexual role or dynamic, just because you like their kind of body and associate it with your fetishizing, a lot of people won’t like that.

A preference for blond hair, is different from preferring blonde hair because you thinks blondes are more carefree and fun. The first is fine, the second is a false story many blonde women will not enjoy having forced on them.
Nope. You got that backwards and it’s gonna get you into trouble. You’re fetishizing small women because you’re attracted to _a story_ about weakness and softness. They aren’t inherently more feminine and therefor you are attracted to them. You are attracted to them, so you call them feminine.

A little more self awareness will help you with actual woman, and not just chasing a fantasy fulfilment. None of the women I know who you’d call “feminine” would want anything to do with you if you cannot tell the difference between the story in your head about pretty little princess, and the real full human being they actually are, even when they wear pretty dresses.
I'd worry a bit less about being polite and focus a bit more on *being clear*. Being clear doesn't mean being mean. The clear honest communication is that you *reasonably believe* she gave it to your brother because she decided she didn't like your choice -- and is now purposefully lying to you about that. Which only deepens the violation and hurt. Don't ask her to do anything. Just say "I know you did X. I reasonably believe you did Y and are lying about it now. I am hurt and angry."

You don't have to not be angry or bitter. This is a legitimate thing to be pissed about. It does feel like crap. Nothing is going to make this better. Even getting the oil back from your brother is probably gonna feel like a rather empty victory.

You probably shouldn't go back to the 'good relationship' that you felt you had right after you got back. That was temporary, and not fully true. (Hell, the fact it was good for a while may be why she felt she could 'get away' with this violation.) Relationships aren't static. But you should try to stop telling yourself the kind of stories that are going to make you angry for longer. The fact you have some awesome travel stories is more valuable in the long term than the oil. Don't let your mother take even more away from you than the oil or poison other parts of your life and memories.
You offered to do this. If you were anxious about the exchange, you need to at least express that to him. He's not wrong or evil to accept your offer of a favour at face value. 

If you leave your partner thinking you're happy enough to do something for them, your partner might just assume you're happy enough to do it. 

If you're upset by a pattern of being inconsiderate, or taking your assistance for granted, then that is a thing to discuss with him, but as you've written it here, this is a bad example of anything besides him definitely not being a mind-reader.
You cannot fix this for other people.

You can tell them, kindly but firmly, that you're drawing a boundary on these emails in your life. And that includes even their responses to them. You cannot let this harm in.

If they continue to respond to these chains you're going to need to block them too, and they'll need to reach out via text message or phone call if they want to contact you.

Tell them you absolutely respect their choice to engage and fight, but this isn't the context in which you are willing to engage with your uncle or his ideas. Encourage them to take similar steps to protect themselves from harm, if and when they deem it necessary.

Direct conflict with this sort of person rarely works. Be empathetic with your family who is hurting, but be clear about your own boundaries on these behaviours. If you want these email chains out of your life, get them out of your life.
Technically possible, but *extremely, almost absurdly* unlikely. Like, baby grand piano falling out of a passing plane overhead and crushing your mailbox, unlikely. All those things technically exist and so could possibly happen, but almost certainly will not. Don't lose sleep, this time.

Please use another method if you don't want to be pregnant. This is how you get pregnant.
It's good that you've been able to improve your relationship with your mother, but perhaps it's time to also manage your expectations and your responses, instead of trying to change her choices.

By all means, tell her how her actions have impacted your and your relationship, but expecting her to 'get the oil' back is just a further escalation that is a.) unlikely to happen anyways and a bit unfair to the poor sod she dragged into this, and b.) doesn't actually solve the problem.

Tell her how the behaviour impacted you. Let her figure out what she's going to do about that (likely nothing) and allow this experience to inform your choices and boundaries in the future with her. Perhaps store the rest of the oil in your own space.
Two things:

The first is that this is just called compatibility. Compatibility is difficult and rare. It's good that you are able to see the difference between valuing someone as a friend, and wanting to pressure a romantic/sexual connection. That's a great thing a lot of people don't have figured out. 

The second is to reconsider how much you engage with or centre your fetish in your life. A lot of smaller women will not appreciate being fetishized like this (in fact, your attitudes towards them will make you incompatible with a fair number of them!). If you've ended up with a bit of a mental 'death-grip syndrome' where you are only sexually interested in one very particular kind of dynamic, or body type, then you probably want to try to expand your taste and stop hyper-focusing. You have trained your body and mind to only respond to one thing as sexy and that's not necessarily gonna lead you to the most happiness.
You're 32. You've been sharing a home with this other adult for years. You should absolutely expect your husband's support, but not his blind service to personal boundaries that you will not even speak up about yourself.

It is hard. I understand that. But you're demanding work from your husband when you won't do your share. You also owe it to your husband to also put the work in. It's not fair to make this emotional and interpersonal labour *all* his job to perform. You make you both look foolish when you're not able to simply say "BIL, this shoulder patting just doesn't work for me. Please don't do it." Flinching or shrugging is not sufficient communication.
Have you expressed this to your brother-in-law?

While I agree your husband should support you, he shouldn't have to *speak for you*. 

You're not mute. You're not a confused child or any other sort of incompetence with this.

You should be able to say "BIL, please don't do that. I don't like it. It doesn't make me feel the affection you're trying to express. It just makes me uncomfortable."

Then, your husband should support you. It's shouldn't be *all* his job to express your boundaries to someone else. Anyone else.
They probably believed they were okay with it too. They might still believe that. They probably aren't trying to lie to you. But you have to make your choices based on whether or not what they do works for you as a partner, not just what they believe.  Good luck.
Professionals are just people. Even a pro quarterback making millions a year makes a few truly bad plays. You can always be a bit skeptical of a single professional's opinion, especially when it's on someone who isn't even in the room.
You are poly and asexual. Your partner is not really okay with either of those things.

Leaving aside the other behaviours -- which all sound more immature to me than malicious -- you're just fundamentally incompatible. Leaving the relationship would be wise.
Based on what you've said here, exceedingly unrealistic.

If your partner has behaviours or patterns that are making you uncomfortable, discuss those with her. 

And I'm concerned your therapist didn't correct their massive error prior to the end of the session. Seriously. They set you off down a totally unproductive and even damaging path. If I were you, that is the relationship I'd be rethinking.
Of course, you told your therapist more than this.

But either your therapist is **monstrously irresponsible**, or they were just a bit careless and didn't realize you were going to take *way, way more* away from their comments than was halfway reasonable to do.

It's reasonable to recognize that her pattern of withdrawing or going into negative moods for a few days might be *who she is* \-- and not just a trauma response to her past relationship. It is not at all reasonable for either of you to be trying to diagnose her as a narcissist. That is calling someone an irredeemable abuser and liar. The fact you had no concerns prior to the conversation with your therapist, and then jumped to labelling them with NPD, is absurdly paranoid and suggests to me you might struggle with anxiety. (It's worth remembering even a healthy person can sometimes display some *narcissistic traits*, but that is entirely different from having NPD or being a narcissist. Anyone who saw me drunk at my 30th birthday party could have observed a solid few *narcissistic traits.*)

To date is to risk being lied to. Either take the risk with open eyes, or don't, but don't fool yourself into thinking there is any perfect way to avoid manipulation in life. There is not perfect system. Life is risk.
Yeah. Do that. Take him seriously and make him explain what is funny about calling you an evil predatory person who wants to hurt sick people.
No sarcasm. No bullshit. Take him dead seriously.

>"Ouch. That's hurtful."  
>  
>"I'm just joking!"  
>  
>"It's funny to call me an evil person who wants to hurt others?"  
>  
>"No... it's not..."  
>  
>"Great. Then quit it."

If he's your friend he'll take note. If he wants to be a jealous jerk more than he values your friendship, well, you'll find out.
Your therapist sounds *deeply* irresponsible.

Don't date someone you feel this insecure about. Don't date someone if you do not trust them. Do not date someone if you are not comfortable with how they handle their past experiences or conflict with you.

Don't see a therapist who diagnoses someone who isn't even in the room, based on the story you tell in a single session.

Don't you go diagnosing someone via Google.

No one knows if this woman is mentally ill or a narcissist based on what you've shared here. If you're giving your GF leeway on behaviours you would rather not accept in a partner, address that, or end the relationship doesn't suit you.
You need to block her. That is what No Contact really means.

She is going to keep on circling back either out of boredom, curiosity, or a desire for attention/validation.

It is sad her cousin is in trouble, but you're not her support network. That's not a thing you can address. You're an ex. An ex who requested no contact. You're not friends.

Stop letting this person pick at your wounds for their own sake.
I can see you're really trying to come at this from a good and kind place, but I think a bit of a reality check:

This is not just grief. This is also a bad manager.

You're describing some very toxic management behaviours that were *almost certainly* present prior. You were just in the first few months of a 'honeymoon period' of a new gig, and you hadn't seen your boss's weaknesses yet. All bosses have some. You're describing some particularly bad ones: Open contempt/lack of respect. Focused on blaming, not solutions. Isolating employees to retrain control. Emotionally manipulative.

And this is your manager's fault. And your managers manager's fault. If they need to take leave because they cannot perform (and treating people with respect and managing communication with the team are performance issues for a manager), then they need to actually take leave and the day-to-day responsibilities need to be addressed by someone else.

There is not much you can do, but recognize this: This behaviour is not okay. It may have escalated recently due to grief, but it is probably not brand new. If your company is at all healthy, then your manager's manager is aware of the performance issues. Doesn't mean they'll do anything about it, but they likely know. 

Stop trying to figure out how to address your boss's feelings and start focusing on how to navigate your workplace and responsibilities from the perspective that you have a really shitty boss right now. Maybe they weren't always shitty (but I'd bet they always had these weaknesses) and maybe they won't always be this way. BUt right now, they are your boss and they are really, really bad at it. The strategies you need to learn are how to work for a bad boss.
Ditch him.

I don't fuck men who tell me they are skeptical about my gender identity or sexuality. I used to try to be chill with the whole "You're probably a lesbian really." or "I cannot believe you're really bi!" but No. Fuck that noise. You can believe me when I speak. If you don't, we don't fuck.
Oh. Maybe this is just a reading comprehension issue and not a legal theory one.
Apparently not. I'm not a lawyer either but I imagine any actual legal training might even get in the way of said knowledge.
You're a lawyer?

It's *shitty* to have sex in your own living room, while your roommate is also passed out in said living room, but it's not banging on a swing set behind the grade school.

It'd be funny to hear the talking to OP would get if they actually called 911 because they woke up a few feet from their roommate hooking up.
She shouldn't be including people in her "kink" without their consent, and if you want a "No sex in common area" rule, then just speak up and say so. It's a totally reasonable rule. I've always explicitly had it with all my roommates: No sex in shared areas like living rooms/bathrooms. 

If she won't agree to that reasonable rule, then you're going to need to move.

But realize the rule is not really all that enforceable rule if your style as roommate includes getting so drunk that you regularly pass out in common areas... She is still in the wrong, but I think you should bring your anger down several notches, tell her what you need to be comfortable in the shared area of the home, and for the sake of the friendship, file this under a misunderstanding of one another boundaries.
Leaving your wife of 17 years, with two kids involved, *probably* gonna require a conversation.
>I can't confront her about it because it would reveal that I checked her phone, which would be a huge breach of trust that could ruin our relationship

OP said he risked his marriage. He should know.

Piling on her is some self righteous fun times for internet randos, but she's not here. OP is. OP needs to talk to his damn wife.
If you're ready to walk away from this relationship, then walk.

Trying to force his parents not to invite her to Easter was foolish, at the very least. Trying to change his mother's traditions for who she includes at family dinners was out of line, and plainly stupid of you. You picked a very specific fight -- with his mother, through him -- which you were not going to win. If you were serious about not attending with her, then the *actual boundary* was just to let him know to send you regrets to his mothers and that you'd be spending the holiday with your own family. Not to try to change the invite list. That's not a boundary. That's just being bratty and pushy with your BF of three months' family. That so was not a smart move. 

But besides that, your BF has been clear about his priorities and the boundaries he wants with her, and they don't meet your needs. Stop fighting a war you've already lost, and in the future, don't try to pick fights with mothers over the guests they frequently invite into their own homes.
A half a year of a break is just a break-up. A chicken-shit, slow-moving break up. 

He may not have been trying to fuck with your brain, but he certainly didn't give a rats ass if he did. At some point, there is not much difference between this level of childish stupidity and selfishness, and malice. 

Block him everywhere. He's trash and you're good to be rid of him.
Dude. You're almost 30 so yeah, wise up: Love is not enough.

For a single parent, you also need to be compatible with the child and the family life the parent wants for the child. Your anxiety with the child, and with her co-parent, after nine months of dating was a pretty reasonable dealbreaker for her to have. It doesn't matter if the kid loves you, the sorts of thoughts you were describing having about the child and the ex were toxic af.

You're not compatible.

You should probably avoid dating single parents. It's okay to not be good at it, but it's important to know that about yourself.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

This was my thought and I felt a bit bad about it. This woman is gorgeous and has beautiful breasts. They would probably change drastically if she tried to loose enough weight for a 'flat tummy' look. 

When I have less of a "pouch" I also have far less tits. I like my stomach the most at about 135 lbs, but I LOVE my tits at 160 lbs.
This would be a reaching a dealbreaker for me.

My ex did this too: Compared me to toxic and abusive women he knew or had heard of when I expressed totally reasonable boundaries or feelings. I sat quietly trying to talk to him about money, while he compared me to a woman who had stabbed her husband. Talked to him about how he had insulted and undermined me in front of others, and he compared me to a woman who had driven her husband's car into a tree to punish him. 

I honestly didn't realize until that relationship was over how totally absurd this behavior was. It was emotionally abusive and a silencing tactic. Basically, anything I thought or felt that was inconvenient for him was "crazy" or "toxic". There was no way for me to say anything he didn't like, without being treated like a potentially violent lunatic. The issue wasn't how I said it. The issue was he never, ever want to have to listen to it.
Realistically, if you've checked out of the relationship, then you're almost certainly going to end up leaving, and taking Goober. That's just the most likely outcome of what you've described here, no matter how much you say you cannot do that.

You do all the animal caretaking. This relationship is going to end, and you're going to end up taking the dog because you're the one whose life accommodates the dog's daily needs. That is almost certainly what is going to happen. The faster you and your BF admit to yourselves the better off all three of you will be.

If you want to be sneaky about it, start paying for all the vet care and dog food. Having the receipts will be a good idea if your BF tries to challenge the reality of this situation when you inevitably break up.
Some people are really bad at making choices or expressing those choices clearly to others. For lots of reasons.

Most people are not consciously stringing anyone along. They just don't know what they don't know. They tell you the best truth they've got at the time. It's on you to walk away if a relationship of any kind it's not meeting your needs.

This isn't about women or even really all that much about dating. You can have totally similar communication issues and indecision dynamics with coworkers, friends or family members.

This is an advice sub, so the advice is: Dating is hard. Most connections will not go anywhere. Women are human. Don't become bitter and resentful about women, just because you're inclined to date human women.
I can't imagine I would either, but nothing about any of this gets addressed here until OP talks to his damn wife.
You've been advised to speak to your wife.

You've been advised to stop this risky pinning for other women's attention and validation.

You've been advised to increase your therapy sessions.

Take this over to r/venting if you just need to type out your troubles over and over again. You've been given all the sensible advice a person can get. There is no magical answer that the internet is withholding from you. The answer you don't like, is the only answer.
There is no way forward without revealing you checked her phone. Admitting wrongdoing, Aand asking her the questions that frighten you, and dealing with the consequences. You know it could be just friendly. (I use it with my sisters because we 'blow kisses' all the time). You also know it probably isn't just friendly and that at very least it's a behaviour you're uncomfortable with. 

Sorry, but I'm not buying your minimization here: You know this snopping risks your marriage. You have done this before, and you will do it again. This was not a once-off. You're checking up on her by violating her privacy. That's the marriage you're in right now. This is the marriage you're going to be in, until you make different choices.

Play stupid 😘 games. Win stupid 😘 prizes.

Your current plan is grade-school-level shade-throwing. You're a 40-year-old guy with two kids. Do better. Talk to your wife.
Wildly!

The CDC puts it at like 4.3/6.3 for women/men. So 44x more. Who’d have thought the CDC would be fooled?
Him, and several other people. Not just the two of them. 

Pretty standard practice for young academics at conferences. I snuck six of in once because money is tight and conferences are vital.
Exactly this.

Lob this grenade back into their home, and tell them to sort their own shit and leave you out of it. You're not the 'other woman' in their shitty little drama.
She's not the villain, but she is treating OP like shit because she cannot stand up for herself. That is manipulative and childish. 

She probably *should* feel insecure, but that doesn't make it OPs job to protect her from the reality of the man she's planning to marry.
I wouldn't do it quite like this. If OP further enmeshes themselves and opens up the risk of debate/negotiation with a timeline threat. If OP is going to show Mark the letter, better to just do the thing. Rip the bandaid right off. 

If OP has an email for them both, CC them both on the same email. Thank her for her message and say you absolutely understand her feelings and agree with her. You absolutely will respect her wishes and not attend the wedding. However, you also will not lie to Mark about the reason you are declining the invite. 

And ask them to kindly not involve you further in any disagreement.
Where did they fuck?

He kissed her once, and OP ended contact for months because it wasn't what she wanted at all.

I'll agree OP isn't blameless, but at this point, she's just an inflatable bat these two morons are hitting each other with. She didn't cause that. Mark and his fiance are telling this little drama tale and cast her in this bullshit role.
It doesn't matter how well-written it is.

What happened here is that this woman put OP in an impossible position where no matter what OP does, she has to be the bad guy. Either she lies to a friend, or she shows up when she knows she's uninvited. All because this engaged woman cannot speak transparently and honestly with her fiance. It's manipulative bullshit. Being earnest about your manipulation and dishonesty doesn't change the core of the behaviour.

If it were me, I'd be livid with both of these people for putting me in this situation and send a photo of the letter to them both, tell them of course I will not attend, and to sort their shit out without involving me further.

This friendship with Mark is probably over, because they are both a shitshow you should be opting out of anyways.
You don't go. You tell him you're absolutely, 100% not going to go. You understand her reasons, and you agree with her that it's best you don't attend. 

And you show him the letter.

It's not okay for her to keep these secrets, or burden you with them. Your loyalty is not to her. It's to him. Don't go to the wedding regardless. Tell him as much, because of course, you shouldn't go if the bride doesn't want you there! But also don't let her turn you into her own dirty little secret. That's not what you are. You are his friend. So you show him the letter.

She's not protecting Mark. She's protecting herself. She figured out a power to move to absolve herself and make you the bad guy, no matter what you choose. So choose friendship. Give him the truth. Wish him well. Stay the hell away from his wedding.
I get missing that, but really that should be resolvable by "Ya know. I miss that. Every once and a while you damn better get outta bed and come down the hall for fun times."

Again, I get being nervous about how this might change your patterns and dynamic, but put your big girl pants on. This is part of what getting older together looks like. Sort your shit out and stop talking about divorcing your husband because you might not be able to share a bed every night. You must realize that is not the place to start this problem solving effort.
You really cannot wrap your brain around having spontaneous sex, but not in the hour right before you two go to bed?

It's not really that spontaneous if it's only happening in the bedroom, during the evening/night, is it? That's sure not what 'spontaneous sex' means to me. 

You're 44. I get being nervous about this change, but give your head a damn shake. This is should be a *fun* problem to solve.
You're not crazy.

By all means, wish the best for him.

But also stop talking to him.

Take the win. Enjoy that final pleasant conversation, and don't leave the door open to anymore more bullshit. Because as much as you may wish better for him, it's pretty damn unlikely he's any better yet. If you let him back in, even just a catch-up occasionally, odd are it's not gonna keep on feeling that good.

Show kindness to yourself. Let go of the anger, and of all contact. You've gotten everything you need from this person already.
“Experience of life matters.”

Which is why he knows to keep his distance from any woman who has any.
You're kidding yourself.

Like, I understand why. I know why you're going to keep trying to negotiate this, but you are kidding yourself. He is not ignorant. He is skilled. He may not be self-aware about it, but he is *skilled*.

He has a set of interpersonal tactics that work for him. He has found that you are respective to these tactics when others would have reasonably cut off contact by now. 

In every one of your responses, you are describing a person with tactics to make you feel obligated to him, and to be constantly extending the benefit of the doubt to him. He violates your boundaries and then blames you for hurting his feelings because you didn't appreciate having your boundaries violated.

He may not be fully conscious about what he is doing, but he is fully aware of what works to make young women feel pressured to keep being nice to him when he is *not being nice* at all.
You need to crush this guy. For your own sake, and his. 

He absolutely sees the gift as 'niceness coins' that can he can use to make you feel obligated to give him what he wants, or tolerate his other poor behaviours. 

Stop assuming he doesn't know what he's doing. He knows exactly what he's doing.
You're dating someone who lies to you and is comfortable being with someone who is cheating on their wife. 

Your skill is not the problem here. Blow jobs are not the problem here. This is not a religious hang-up. Your GF is dishonest.
How many times have you asked about this situation now. I'm sure I've see it six or seen times? So is it a dozen? Twenty times now?

This is really not a healthy use of r/relationships at this point.

You're not comfortable with this FWB arrangement. If you were comfortable with it, you wouldn't be posting repeatedly online looking for some sort of magical insight that is just not coming. Stop doing something you're not comfortable with or secure in. If it's fueling these sorts of questions and anxiety, just stop.

Take your larger questions about life and relationships to a therapist and maybe stick to a vibrator for a while until you've got a better sense of your own desires and boundaries when it comes to others.
Let’s be fair. A _silent_ bang maid he can verbally abuse without feedback or consequence.
Micah struck me from the get go as a “situational mean girl”. Still nasty as all hell, but probably capable of self-correction if she made the active choice to break with her toxic friends and end those patterns. She’s a not-very-bright follower and people pleaser. Easily led. Happy to earn brownie points with the even nastier girls by playing the same game. She’s got no core. Not a lot actually going on.

My youngest sister was like this as well. She was a nasty piece of work with “her tribe” but she woke up the the dynamic when she was in her mid-20s and decided to stop acting like a damn hyena. Got a few new friends and decided to try being basically decent to other people for a while. 

Micah is extremely immature for her age and I sure as shit wouldn’t want to be her friend, but I have some hope for her all the same.
She may have thought you were joking. Your reaction was _that_ ridiculous. 

Sometimes you’re owed a swift kick in the ass dude, and not a gentle pat on the head. She should never have had to hold your hand through this.
This is not a bid for connection. 

Leave her be.
Yeah. I do think you *can* cultivate real friendships with men, but it's particularly tough at your age, and it's rare overall. Men are so encouraged to 'shoot their shot' and see every woman in their life as a potential girlfriend if they are just *persistent* enough. Some never get past that nonsense assumption about the availability of women to their desires/needs, but some do.

Trouble is ya just never know which is which, until you know.
You're being absurd. You *utterly* overreacted to her acting like a decent host.

Demanding an apology *from him*, because she allowed him to use a room in her apartment to take an important call, is the worst kind of toxic machismo bullshit. You're basically broadcasting to him that you cannot handle his presence in her life and dragging him into your argument with her by taking that stand. Not okay. Your sense of possession of her space and the desire to pick a fight with him over this are huge red flags. 

It's not "our space". Her space. For a damn work call he needed a space apart from the group to take. It's not like she was giving him a lap dance while it happened or tossing her panties at him. He needed a door that closed. In most people's apartments, that is only the bedroom.

If I was your GF I'd be frustrated with you too and resentful of your inability to manage your own feeling for a hot second and respect a perfectly reasonable decision. If he's her friend, then he is a friend. She behaved like you'd expect someone to for a friend.

You were way off base. You didn't need to be further heard. You needed to get a grip.

If you're not okay with her being friends with a past partner, say that, but if you're going to accept that this person is a friend, then she gets to treat him like a friend.
Right. There are a lot of not great options -- because the whole thing is just not great -- and there are some very bad options. Stalling until you are vacationing and putting it out there without warning is, in my opinion, a very bad option.
Exactly.

And the goal here should be to rip it off *before* you reach peak misery and you snap, and do it a totally thoughtless and likely antagonistic way.

It's never going to be not complicated, the goal should just be to make the pain and confusion a little bit more manageable for you both.
Exactly. It is stressful. It's not gonna be less stressful if you do it while in an unknown place where you have no separate corners to go to take a time out, and you still have to figure out where the food is, and what time you need to get to the airport. It may suck to do on a weeknight, but being on a trip is not gonna make this more successful, *unless* she's agreed to use the time that way as well.
You realize your behaviour here is weird, right?

You keep responding with what you don't want, but are extremely vague on what you do want in this connection and what you are or are not getting from it. You keep coldly reporting his situation and status in a way that sort of sounds like a list of grievances with him, but you seem to refuse that framing as well. It's bizarre.

If you're not comfortable with the FWB arrangement with him, end it. You're not his therapist or his support. You don't have to be that to him just because you feel he is in need of it.

If you want to date someone else, do so. Your current list of other potentials is beside the point entirely. If this FWB isn't working, end it. Even if you don't have other great options at the moment. You'll live. 

Or maybe you really just need a vibrator for a while.
I just told you. I'm a rando online. That is all I am to you. That's all any of us are on Reddit to you. Any other qualifications I might have in other aspects of my life do not apply to this exchange.
I'm glad you're talking to your therapist about this, and obviously, their advice should trump randos online... bit I do think that is bat shit crazy.

Your wife is going to feel entrapped and set up and neither of you will be able to retreat if you need too. On the receiving end, it'll seem like you did all this work just to corner her into a really tough conversation. Personally, I just cannot imagine a worse way to approach this than not to tell someone you're only taking them out of their space and routine so you can tell them you're miserable in the marriage.

At least give her some warning that you want to have some serious conversations and reconnections during this trip. Let her walk into it with some informed consent.
I know this is harsh, but once a month is a vent session, or maybe a way to address a distant issue like parental alienation or largely resolved past trauma. This is the marriage you're in every day. If you're not going once a week you're not going to see much progress on these sorts of issues. 

There is no right moment. You have to make a good enough moment, before you snap and the moment becomes to urgent to avoid and it probably goes very badly. 

And the good enough moment is not while travelling! **Do not spring this on her for the first time while travelling**. That is an truly awful idea that will only further unbalance you both. She will feel set up, and she won't be wrong. If this is part of your motive with all these plans, you are setting her up. All your work to create a gift or a meaningful time together will be spoiled if you leverage those possible moments of reconnection, to instead trigger what you reasonably realize will be some conflect. And you're setting yourself up for disappointment and epic failure with that plan. Travelling will not be the removal of barriers to this conversation, it will be the removal of normalcy and safety and disruption of the patterns that actually allow for calm reconnection and thoughtfulness. Travelling is not the circumstances to have a difficult, risky conversation within. 

I cannot say this clearly enough: **That is a terrible plan. Please do not do that.** Unless she has consented to some sort of couples retreat where she knows that conversation is a priority for this time, do not do that.
Therapy.

You need to speak to your wife and advocate for your own relationship. That isn't rocket science, but if your own insecurities and fears are further muddying these waters, go talk to someone and get a bit more clarity to help you through these tough conversations.

Looking for validation outside of your marriage is an understandable impulse, but you need to quash it and address the issues inside the marriage first. And no, I don't mean to just keep addressing them through further acts of service for your wife. I mean addressing the fact that you are also a person with needs and feelings within the relationship, and speaking up about the kind of marriage you'd like build together.
If you want to apologize, apologize. Just apologize.

What you should not do is demand more of her attention and emotional service, to 'hear you out' or 'patch things up'. If you want to apologize and admit wrong-doing, then do just that and nothing else. You're not entitled to trying to fix it. You don't get to control her story about her own life. All you can offer her fairly, without her asking for more, is a hundred words or so admitting you were wrong, and that you understand that you hurt her, and that you are sorry.

If it's more than about 100 words, you're doing apologies wrong. 

So no bullshit about your growth and maturity or anger issues treatment. That's not her job to address or validate. Just, "I was wrong. I hurt you. I am sorry."

If you want to try and rebuild a connection, I'd strongly encourage you to speak to a therapist before you take any steps towards that. If you want to apologize, then just apologize. Without demands or expectations or excuses.
I’m not able to say much because you’re saying a whole lot of nothing. What is your actual question? You’re just spinning yarns over and over again.

What is the choice you’re trying to make right now?
Then what the hell are you saying? What is this all about? What is the question here? What are you not getting that you want? 

You can date other people if you want to date other people, right? What are you looking to hear by posting over and over again on Reddit?
I understand being concerned, but he told you unequivocally to back off. So, you back off.
You keep asking about this situation but you never mention what you want, or what you’re comfortable with.

Why are you working so hard to comfort this man and get all wound up about his choices. Why trying to read his mind? Why talking to her? Why stay in something that is so messy and hard? 

If you don’t want to be his FWB, just say so. 

You’re not his therapist. It’s okay to not want to give the kind of emotional support he’s looking for, but you need to be honest about it. Stop beating around the bush. You don’t need advice. You need to get your own head on straight and set some boundaries, or end a connection that isn’t working for you.
You’re not his therapist, and as his ex-girlfriend, you are very limited in your role as friend as well. 

He hasn’t changed this about his own situation for a long time. It’s not likely he’ll change it now. It’s more likely that his comment was an attempt to get you to _change back_, and to frighten you back into the role of supporting him. The relationship as it was, was working for him. 

You can’t save him from his own choices, or his depression, and trying to do so will so will probably just keep you locked in the dynamic. 

You need to let it be a break up.
Absolutely. If they’re getting pressure from other people to include children when they don’t want to, those are the people who are burdening them. You’re just seeking and clarity on a decision they’ve already made. As long as when you talk to them, you’re clear that your first plan is to follow the only information you have directly from them, which is not to bring the children, then you’re golden. They can either politely confirm that, or they can say that no they really did mean to make an exception, and I’d like to have you all there.
In your position, I’d ask my husband to call a couple and tell them that he’ll be attending, and that you will be sending your very best and staying at home with the small children. Asked if that sounds good with them, and if it does, problem solved. The answer to anyone after that is just “We spoke to the bride and groom, and we will come to a plan that works well.”

If a couple says they absolutely want you there, and are happy to have the small children there for a little while, then you kind of hooped, and rejecting the invite outright would be rude. 

This isn’t father-in-law’s call to make. And anyone who wants to show off the grandbabies can do that on their own time, not hijacking someone else’s wedding.
What do the couple want? What is their preference? 

I don’t think you’re totally out of line, but weddings are the kind of thing sort of thing you do need to suck it up for. “All this” is sorta the point. If the couple themselves would like you there, as well as your husband, and that the children are welcome for a short time… Yes, you should probably put in the work to make that happen.

If it’s your husband and his parents puttering around and making plans behind the couples back, then your husband should call a couple and ask them exactly what they’d prefer, and clarify the invite.
You’ll probably get better advice from other trans women, but your approach seems needlessly dangerous to me. 

And I’m not sure why this is on your mind, if you’re in a relationship, that’s been exclusive for two years now. What’s up with that?
He drunk texts you. So no. 

You might be just looking for platonic friends, but a guy who mostly texts you drunk is a shady one. Not friend material.
Sounds like the two of you skipped some really important conversations and have been playing it by ear when it comes to money. You need to quit that. Even if you make more than her, the mental load of finical planning shouldn’t lie entirely with you. You two need to sit down and deal with the reality of what you actually have to meet all of your commitments and long term goals.
Your boyfriend doesn’t trust you select your own friends and is passing judgment on you based on feeling someone else had about you when you were like 17.

If he’s going to behave like that, you cannot fix it for him, and you probably shouldn’t date someone who refuses to believe you when you speak. 

Expect to be believed and trusted when you say a one-sided high school crush wasn’t a major event in your life — and you don’t appreciate your BF trying to turn it into one now.
How old are you? 

I only had one true male friend in my 20s, and he was also the husband of a close friend. 

I think men generally take a longer time to learn how to be just friends, what they actually want in a partner as opposed to a good friend, and stop seeing every woman they know as a potential. It’s not entirely their fault. They get told a lot more stories about winning a woman over with persistence than they do about just really valuing a woman’s friendship. 

I now have a few dear male friends, but they really didn’t appear until my mid to late 30s.
He has clearly got other issues with this friend and his GFs choices that he’s masking. It’s hard to give much advice if he won’t admit there is way more going on inside his head than some sort of personal rule about vacations…
Ah, lucky you — So it’s not that!
If we accept that the fundamental job of being an adolescent/teen is to achieve autonomy from your parents, pivot to peers and enhance your own emotional skills and self-regulation and that there is a kind of progress through somewhat standard developmental stages while they do that… then interruption just means what it means: Ya got interrupted at times by calamity or neglect or accidents. And that’s not you being broken or even mentally ill necessarily. That’s how human children respond to those situations.  They cannot learn certain age-appropriate lessons in that situation. So you probably have some catch up to do in some areas that lots of other people progressed through at younger ages. 

That’d be my take anyways, just from my own experience in therapy. 

I’d also say I think it’s pretty normal for your first few sessions to feel like everything is broken and you’re a hopeless mess and to be exhausted and overwhelmed. I’ve got in and out of therapy a few times in my life and I always have to brace myself for those first few weeks. No matter how happy I am with the match of therapist, it’s a slog.
By no means trying to minimize your experiences or effortless glow-up but… did it suddenly get warmer where you live? 

I don’t get approached all that much, but I would say 50% of what I get takes place in the first 2 really sunny weeks where we put the parkas away. Everyone is just cheerful and looking to connect. Just a theory…
Once more: Don’t work yourself up into a snit because other people aren’t following your script.

And don’t come to advice sub if all you want is validation for your own interpretation of a personal experience. Advice is a thing you can take or leave. Very similar in that way, to the feedback you receive when being rejected.
Dude, find some grace. 

As another soul blessed earlier than most with a secure attachment style and some self-knowledge: Get the hell out of your own skull and realize not everyone is fucking with you.

Mostly they are just figuring their own shit out and/or not that into you. 

Find some of the chill you claim to have and let people be people. Messy, complicated, confused people. You’ll have your days too. And you’ll be happier if you assume confusion and disinterest and misunderstanding — not malice. Don’t work yourself up into a snit cause other people aren’t following your scripts.
Bisexuals have a harder time dating lesbians than lesbians do. This is a pretty well understood phenomenon and a lot of lesbians won’t date bisexual woman at all. It’s certainly easier to get a date with a straight man, but that is a numbers game more than a reflection on men or women. There are just _way more_ single dudes looking to date, and who will date a bisexual woman, then there are bisexual woman/lesbians looking to, or open to, date bisexual woman. Even just demographically speaking.
It’s totally bit of mythology that Ted Bundy seduced his victims. The first people he “seduced” were all the professional white dudes in psychiatry and policing and journalism who though he looked just like one of them. 

Bundy hunted constantly. He broke into homes and killed women while they slept. He pretended to be disabled and in need of help. They women he killed didn’t fall for him or date him or love him. He fooled other men, and became a celebrity target for some mentally ill women when incarcerated, but he didn’t seduce women. He viewed them as objects to possess and was remorseless. Seduction was never his game with his victims. His “charm” was reserved for the men who saw themselves in him.
Exactly. I have a few men in my life who are criers and it’s lovely and connecting. I’m so grateful for them. Sharing vulnerability is a beautiful thing, but the last time I had a guy wail at me about ‘respecting his tears’ he was trauma dumping and trying to turn the conversation about his bad feelings, when I really needed to address his bad actions. 

He was shocked and claimed sexism when I said “I am glad you feel poorly about your behaviour. I think you should. I’m not able to comfort you right now. I am legitimately very angry with you and am going to take some distance.”
This exactly. I’m a bisexual woman and to be the pursuer is to be rejected, 19 times out of 20 or better. That’s the situation, even if you are thoughtful and picky about where you put your energy. With straight men you get the double-whammy of those who are just not interested and those who absolutely cannot handle assertive women. And it’s not like they wear labels. A lot of guys think they want to be pursued or propositioned or seduced… until it actually happens and they either aren’t in the individual woman, or are just deeply uncomfortable with the dynamic.

In the end, I just had to admit I didn’t want to be with a man who couldn’t handle me expressing my interest clearly anyway and roll with those punches.
Straight up: My sewing machine takes way more technical skill and knowledge to maintain and repair than my gaming laptop.
I’d like to see this dude even manage to thread an overlocker.
Sesh. Whose gonna tell him that the pretty cashier is also only just pretending to give a damn if he had a nice day or not? And might even cash out black men and wish them a nice day… those lying law-breakers!
And she gets to be annoyed with you, and doubtful of you.

You can keep repeating yourself if you’d like, but I’m gonna stop now.
Tell yourself whatever story you want about your own motivations. Your GF is perfectly reasonable to be both annoyed with you, and skeptical of you. 

You can dig your heels and get your way, probably, but her feelings are understandable and valid and it doesn’t reflect great on you that you cannot be pleasant to her friend and colleague from work over a drink or two — holiday or no.
That’s not selfish. That is you be a competent adult. 

Date another competent adult.
Drinks with a local friend is usually a great idea while on holiday. 

Unless it would take some massive investment of time or money in order to meet up with this friend, it sounds like you’re being petty and insecure.
The real question here is are you comfortable with the friends with benefit role you’ve accepted with this man? Which includes this level of emotional labour and intimacy? 

Friends with benefit arrangements come in lots of shapes and styles. We cannot read his mind any better than you can, but this questions suggests you have concerns about what you’ve agreed too with him and what you’ve being involved in.
It’s totally fair to be hurt. It probably would be wise to ask her about it. 

Asking her does risk more pain, but not knowing it likely worse. By admitting you’re hurt, you give her a chance to acknowledge _you_, even if she’d have made different choices. And at least you’ll better understand.

It’s not a fight. There’s nothing to fight about. She can’t make it not hurt you, and you can’t change her mind. It’s probably gonna suck. Just try to understand one another.
Great! Then you know that you’re not his clinician, and you know to stop rehearsing this fight with an imaginary version of him in your own head or working yourself into a snit with your own assumptions, and actually express your own totally valid concerns and needs without the harsh judgments of his character and current choices. That’s the next step. Good luck.
You didn’t answer any of my questions… leads me to think that no, you haven’t spoken up at all. So that’s a lot of lecturing directed at a random persons online, with a lot of conclusions already drawn about his character and mental health, all seemingly without any substantial conversation with him. You must see that’s rather toxic behaviour on your part, to have your mind so made up about him, without ever asking or listening to him on the subject.

Check yourself, put on your big girl pants, be transparent about your needs and expectations, but enter this important conversation with a _tad more respect_ for differences than this. You’re trying to be partner. You’re not qualified to be his therapist and it’s not fair to toss these labels at him the first time you’re clearly communicating your unhappy with his choices.
Have you been this frank with him? Have you spelled out your expectations around meals? And how much time you’re willing to spend with his family? 

Also, why are you framing this as a dependancy instead of a choice? You say his parents aren’t demanding of this, so your fiancé is making a clear choice for himself, and not even necessarily an unhealthy one. Just one you would like to see changed.
You don’t have to be perfect to deserve basic respect and civility.
He’s much too old to be treating other people like this. Don’t date a man who cannot spend 20 mins in pleasant conversation with family members you value, and be on time for a meal when he is guest.
Always? It’s been weeks. That’s not “always”. That a significant amount of the time she’s known him. 

The forced timeline is doing them both a even bigger disservice than the others. Accountability can’t be rushed like this. Bliss has totally reasonable feelings and fears that are going to keep cropping up for a while even if she is doing all the work she can to move past them. Forgiveness is rarely a light switch even when both people genuinely want it to be, and forgiveness doesn’t mean you magically feel good or the pain is erased and fully healed. Forgiveness is often given while we’re still hurting. You can’t punch someone in the face on Tuesday, apologize and tell them it’s in the past at lunch on Wednesday while the bruise is still swelling. They are going to legitimately say “Just because I forgive you doesn’t mean there isn’t still a pain.”
Nothing about this changes my advice, and it doesn’t reflect the respect you say you have.

You’ve shared your opinion. That is what you get. The risks are all hers. The choice is hers. She’s made it. You respect it, or you GFTO. 

It’s not about you “as a guy”. It’s about her interpersonal risk management.
There is a fine line between him being upset that he is missing out (which is reasonable) and him trying to throw shade or punish you for going.

The next time he makes a comment that stings, say so “Ouch. That hurts. It feels like I’m being punished and that’s not fair.” See if he can be accountable and own his own shit, or if he doubles-down on blaming you for his own bad feelings.
Sure it’s possible.

Doesn’t mean you’re required to find it acceptable. Doesn’t make him any less shitty. Doesn’t mean you’re in a secure and healthy relationship. 

It doesn’t make it better. Him being that stupid and shallow doesn’t mean you’re required to get over it.

You’re making, and allowing, a lot of excuses for him. Bottom line for me would be: If he actually is that stupid, ignorant and careless with other women, while also betraying his GF, then I wouldn’t date him. If all your excuses are true, you still shouldn’t date him. That’s too dumb to date.
Your boyfriend has a Madonna/Whore complex he is not interested in fixing inside himself.

If your not his perfect wifey (Madonna) then you’re trash. 

This is a very distinct issue from not caring for tattoos. People can not much like tattoos, without comparing women with them to porn stars or saying shame things like “wives don’t have tattoos”.

You got the ick because he treated some women as “for sex” and other women as “for wifey” and naturally, many woman enjoy both and those roles are not defined by tattoos. 

Don’t marry a man who can only see a woman worth on the basis of her body. If you do, you live with the constant risk of him deciding you’re not wifey, but trash, and nothing you say or do will change his mind. (Also, you’re likely not to have a very good sex life, if he has decided it’s other kids of woman who are “for sex” and not you.) A man who categorizes women that way is not a safe partner.
You should respect her comfort level and choice on how to manage this. She’s the one who had to absorb all risks and consequences for any steps she takes next. Not you. And probably not even him. 

So if she says it’s not worth it, then it’s not worth it _to her_. End of story.

She handled it appropriately at the time, and kept herself safe. That is what matters most. 

It’s bad enough he bullied her this way. The whole thing just gets worse if you make it all about your feelings and opinions and try to bully her into a confrontation with him she doesn’t want, because your ego was bruised that someone did this to “your girl”.

Back off. She says it’s handled, then it’s handled.
Sleep is a vital part of human health, and sanity.

Your fiancé needs to moderate his expectations and think of others ways to address any needs he has for intimacy. Cuddle while you are watching a movie, or listening to a podcast or something for a bit before bed. Kick off the covers and cuddle for a bit in the morning. More hugs and touches though out the everyday activities maybe. Sleeping time is for sleep.

He’s the one ruining your relationship if he doesn’t do that work to moderate himself, and respect you. 

You can’t comprise your sleep. It’ll literally destroy you, and eventually your marriage.

Don’t marry him until he addresses this behaviour. He’s too old not to know better.
This is my thing. The timeline pressure here is what is totally unreasonable in this case. (I mean, unreasonable timelines are sorta the name of the game, but still.)

It forces them both to rush through the accountability stage straight into the honeymoon (while also sorta robbing Bliss of that “honeymoon” Mexico time). I worry the pressure of the show will leave Zack thinking his mistake is just “in the past” when it’s totally and very literally still present in the context of the damn show and it will be for a long time even if he and Bliss are great together.
I’m not in the US either, but okay.

36 hours is a range in which you need to manage yourself far better than this. She may be disinterested and that is frustrating, but one good date isn’t a contract for ceaseless attention and communication.
You’re aware us a holiday weekend and many people will be with family right? On top of normal adult obligations? 

Lots of people do ghost after first dates and it sucks, but your expectations for contact are excessive. It’s barely been 12 hours. Get a grip.

You just met this woman. Her world doesn’t revolve around you. Suggest a second date for sometime next week if that’s what you want to see happen. Your anxiety is going to be your own worse enemy in this case, and any other.
This isn’t a relationship question.

Forcing strangers and customer service reps to participate in your kink, in however a small way, is unethical.

Figure your shit out and keep private. Cashiers aren’t be paid enough for whatever nonsense you’re up too.
If you don’t wish to be housewife, don’t marry this guy.

He wants a housewife, and he is willing to bully and manipulate in order to get it.
I’ve had one stubborn dark hair on my chin since puberty. And another joined in my mid-30s. 

Never heard suggested it’s any sort of problem or concern. Mostly just trad barbs with my partner over it and his stray nose hairs.
My Grandmother (sexist as hell in her own right and shamelessly favouring her boys) said “Maybe this man, every single time.”
My youngest sister is 13 years younger than me and let me tell you, I really expected the comments to be EVEN worse.

Some of the stuff I heard from people who assumed she was my child, including from adult woman, would make you vomit.

It was upsetting to the point my mother started to avoid me being left alone in public spaces with my littlest sister.
Solving a problem responsibly and making healthy choices for yourself is an attractive quality in a grown up. 

These are your insecurities. That’s okay. You came by them honestly, but don’t force them into the mouths of the people who care for you.
Eh. Reddit skews young and you'll get a lot of responses from teenagers and young 20s somethings who are still all up in their own childhood trauma and teenage resentments. This is much more of an adult, 30/40s sort of relationship management question. I think it takes a bit more distance to see something like this more clearly.

However valid Anne's anger or boundaries are, she doesn't get to require you to punish Beth, for her, for the rest of Beth's life. That is not a reasonable expectation of you. You're entitled to attempt to form your own adult relationship with Beth, independent of Anne and of your parents.
>My parents have failed both daughters in every possible way.

This. It's this. This is the problem. And you cannot solve it for the rest of them. Your parents created all of these monsters and continue to support and feed the beasts. They will not be slain by you alone.

The only thing you can do is the thing you have done: Included Beth in *your own* conception of your own family. It might now work out, but only by doing the work to create a connection there yourself, just between you two, will you learn what Beth is actually capable of and might want in her connections with family members. Ignore Anne's bullying. Remain polite as you can be as you either accept, or decline, invitations from Anne. Largely, you should decline to speak to Anne about Beth, or Beth about Anne. 

You may also consider inviting your parents and/or Beth to your place, at any time you know Anne is busy with her in-laws or is away on vacation or the link. That is a bit underhanded, but it will minimize her fits, and when she complains about the distance when you next invite her, you can remind her how unhappy she seemed to be when you invited your parents while she was busy.

If your niece is small, try to maintain contact with her on holidays by sending a card or small gift, even if you're not going to attend. It's good to maintain that holiday connection with a small child in this situation, even as you need to balance other obligations and events.
End contact.

Re-ligating the break up is petty and counter-productive. You're going to have to live with, and learn from, your own regret of not breaking up with him sooner. When you should have, because he was mean. 

You cannot control the story he tells himself. Just stop listening to it. By ending all contact with him.
If there are laws in your country that preventing you from working without your parent's consent, then you'd probably benefit way more from local advice. Most users on r/relationships are Americans or from other very 'western' societies. 

What is it your mother wants you to do in the next few years, if she doesn't want you to work? Do you age out of the law at some point are allowed to work without her permission?
The fight about who 'talks longer' is a distraction.

The fight you need to have is the one where you tell him his actions do not reflect respect, or that he values what you to say. He is expressing frustration that he doesn't know what is up with you, but he is also sending you silencing messages when you try to communicate.

Communication doesn't just mean you trying harder to be heard by him, or adapting yourself so you can somehow get through to him. It must also include him making real effort to listen, and understand. And yes, that does take work! Work you are naturally putting in when he speaks, work he has probably does naturally with nearly everyone else in his life that he values. Work he *also* has to put in to listening and understanding you. 

You're never going to prove to him something he doesn't want to believe, because it doesn't reflect the story and the role he's assigned to you. Challenege *the story* head on. The story of "My Partner Doesn't Have Meaingful Things To Say" or "If She Just Said It The Way I Wanted To Hear It, I'd Listen". 

It may be time to state clearly, that the story needs to change, and the behavior needs to change, or the partnership will have to change in response.
That is pretty extreme! I always think it's fun to tell them Toronto is slightly bigger than Chicago, which both have about the same population as Brooklyn and watch them recalculate. I never mind people not knowing that relative size stuff, but the electricity and igloos things bug me tho.
I give your Sealioning a solid B+.

Transparent, and a bit of a slip admitting that you weren't asking in good faith to begin with, but still a well-executed online rhetorical maneuver that will fool some readers.
Why on earth would I talk to you after that closing comment? Seriously. Use your head. That's not how we express honest curiosity or ask for favours.

Read through the rest of this thread for specific examples of normalized nudity and toplessness, or use Google. I don't service the curiosity of people who speak to me that way. It doesn't suggest good faith engagement at all and I'm not here to address your personal life experience.
You'd be shocked by the number of Americans who have asked me about igloos and sled dogs when tell them I'm Canadian. (And no, only a few of them were joking). 

I can *see* New York state from my house on most days, but they act like I live on a different planet.
Closure is bullshit.

Closure is what you find and create for yourself when you let go of what no longer serves you or what is unkowable. It rarely, if ever, comes through conversations with others. 

This isn't about *Andrew the person* anymore. This is about *Andrew the bad mental habit*. You break this habit with the same sort of strategies you'd use to stop picking your nose or biting your nails. Use unpleasant interruptions to those thoughts, and willpower.

Recognize this is really about ego. And about the story in your head. And about the fact that no person with one life to live can follow all paths. Not about the man.

WARNING:praw:It appears that you are using PRAW in an asynchronous environment.
It is strongly recommended to use Async PRAW: https://asyncpraw.readthedocs.io.
See https://praw.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/multiple_instances.html#discord-bots-and-asynchronous-environments for more info.

Stop acting like it's that simple (and safe) to stand up for yourself in every context.

Women are not magically born knowing how to deal perfectly with these bullies, but we learn quickly there can be consequences to ourselves for "telling them off" in class or in the workplace. Like murder. Murder is an actual risk for a woman if she chooses to "tell him off". Pick the wrong guy, and you can be shamed at school or work, suffer harassment for years, or possibly even get killed.

Stop expecting women to roll those dice each time someone is rude to her in a way them in a way that hurts the BF's fee fees.
It's normal.

If you're not comfortable, don't go over on hot days.

Do not try to "educate them" they are not savages or ignorant. You're the one here is who isn't progressive. (And if you are an American, it's a good moment to learn that what you think is "leftist" or progressive is the States is still pretty damn right-leaning in most of the rest of the developed world. Obama's policies were centre-right on a global scale, rarely left of centre by most other places standards. American politics have been dragged so far to the extreme right that what you think is insanely progressive, barely scratches the surface in most places.)

But this doesn't even necessarily exist on a political spectrum for them. It's simply normal. In a lot of places. 

You're the one who has been misinformed by a culture that views women's bodies are inherently sexual and prioritizes performative modesty over women's actual comfort.
You're 16. You're describing dating. You're describing a normal failure rate, for dating. You go out. You mostly don't vibe. The vast, vast, vast majority doesn't get past the talking/first date stage. That's dating. 

You're also describing a rather normal amount of self-centredness for most teenagers.

You've had, maybe, two years behind you where you were capable of doing anything like actually dating another human being. You have like 60+ ahead of you. Relax.

You're not a narcissist. If you were, you wouldn't worry about this, and you'd easily fool people into thinking you were kind and empathetic to get your way. The fact you are aware of this and concerned by it, probably means you're not quite as bad as you think you are. 

Practice active listening and consideration with other people in your life. Recognize that a huge part of your over-talking is probably your nerves. Don't get so wound up about dates. I like to think of a first date as a 'pre-date'. It's a meeting where we both decide if we even want to have an actual date. If I'm really nervous, I even think of a few questions I can ask the other person to get them talking about their interests for a bit. 

You're honestly doing just fine. The worst thing you can do is get all up in your own head about your own perceived 'terrible flaws' at the age of 16. They become self-fulfilling prophecies. Your experiences sound well with-in the normal and you should have some learning to do. Everyone does at 16. Let the rest of this BS go.
This! I’m also a non-American who has dated in the US.

I may be compatible with a UK or Canadian “moderate” — because in most other places moderate includes some basic social supports and some degree of abortion access — but I won’t risk it with an American one. American moderates aren’t moderate. At best, they just don’t give a fuck.
Come on. You're 30. Give yourself a swift kick. You *knew* it was relevant.

It was emotionally relevant for both of you. You kept context from him that a rational person could have assumed he'd like to have. You left him feeling played him for a fool so as to avoid feeling embarrassed and vulnerable yourself.

It's easy to say "You don't owe anyone the details!" and that's technically true, but if you want to build a serious connection with someone, then trust doesn't work on technicalities anymore.

You dodged a conversation that you should have, as a rational adult, realized may have been important to a serious partner. Maybe you didn't want it to me important. Mahybe you were worried they would put too much, or the wrong kind of importance on it. But clearly was important enough to you, that you were motivated to *avoid* it, and took the risk away by keeping him in the dark. That wasn't considerate of his feelings. It wasn't very fair to either of you.

If his response hurt you, by all means, say so.

But also recognize your choice to withhold this information, however much it was technically 'your right' to do so, probably also hurt him. That's valid too. A reasonable person could have assumed this was information he'd rather have, than not have, as a person who cares for you and want to build a mutually enjoyable and honest romantic and sexual relationship with you.
I think all manipulators/abusers have something they can point to and say “See all I do for you?!” which often completely divorced from your actual desires or needs. 

For my ex is was picking up the cheque at restaurants. Regardless of whether or not I have liked to stay in to eat. Me paying would have been emasculating, of course, but as the relationship began to end I was magically transformed into “the bitch who never paid” and “I don’t have savings because of your expectations!”
I’m sorry you’re going through this.

I know there often isn’t much to do except ride it out, and not provide any feedback at all to these screams for your attention. Cause that’s all the insults are. He knows he’s been cut. just wants whatever validation he can squeeze out of you by compelling a reaction. 

Ignore and document. All you can at this stage really.

Do you have some close friends you can talk to about it? It’s helpful to have someone to workshop all those clever responses you can never send I think. (Like how gross it is he wanted to fuck someone with the intellect of a small child…)
Don't date such a lousy mental health counsellor?

Or at least don't be reliant on someone who is not on time, for your ride to work. 

Communication comes in a lot of forms. Your BF does need to extend you some trust when you decide not to make an issue of a feeling you're experiencing. 

And nonverbal cues are not "bad". Lots of nonverbal communication is positive and helps to maintain connections between people! Nonverbal communication is harmful when it's misinterpreted, or when there is too much (or too little) of it. 

What is definitely bad for relationships is defensiveness and blame-shifting.
After three years together, why are you suddenly concerned that someone might *harass* you?

Age gaps have risks and struggles, less so as you enter your 30s, but still... It's been three years. Why is this question on your brain and coming out to a bunch of randoms online now?
This is probably not a great example of the problematic dynamic you are experiencing with your mother. You were joking and she joked reasonably back: Ya don't get to pick your baby. 

You might want to talk to a therapist if you find yourself dissatisfied with your relationship with your mother, or frequently seeking validation where there is none to be had and there never really has been.
I would have a hard boundary on being spoken to this way as well.

I also wouldn't want to stay with someone who *snapped at me while I was driving*, or pressured me to drive more aggressively than I was comfortable with. That would also be a super firm boundary for me. Like, I might have pulled the car over if you had done that to me. I do not like that. I would not tolerate that in a relationship. Sometimes we run late in life. We handle our anxiety about being late, better than that. You did need to be told to stop that. 

He didn't express his frustration well -- but neither did you -- and he had damn good reason to be frustrated with you by the end of this. And then you jerked him around at the end again with the "I'll walk/No I need you."

Next you'd be wise to book an Uber.

Your own boundary was completely valid. Your own behaviour was not.
She is not holding a gun to your head. She's *crying*.

Let her cry. Let her pout. Let everyone else treat her like the damn fool she is and ignore anyone who doesn't have that much sense.

She's not forcing you. You've just decided you rather be her prisoner, and give up what you want on your day, than see her sad.

Pick another day/event to wear her dress and tell her if she cannot truly behave herself at your damn wedding, she can sit at home, and you won't wear it at all.
It is baffling to me how many of them can simultaneously argue men are violent, brainless sex monsters, and also inherently more logical and designed for leadership.
Tell me you think that $26 salad buys you sex, without telling me you think that $26 salad buys you sex.
You can stop this. You're just not.

You're clinging to the story of a relationship that didn't even work out when you were 17 years old it, when life is the simplest.

It's easy to romanticize the past and to keep revisiting it in your mind whenever life gets scarry or sad. It's harder to face the reality of a future that doesn't include the dreams you dreamt at 15.
Tell him if he really wants to work on this, to take his commitment-phobic ass to therapy and do that damn work himself.

If he doesn't do *at least* that, you should look into what it will cost to break/transfer this lease.

There is nothing you can do to fix this for him. It's not about how pretty you look or how nice your nails are. (Frankly, it's probably a lot about him avoiding the work of being in a relationship, and pushing *all the work onto you* by creating emotional threats in the relationship that you feel you must respond too...) 

If he doesn't want to break up, he needs to go do the work to fix this for himself, and for the relationship. If he won't, be rid of him.
This is going to hurt his feelings. If the positions were reversed, it would hurts yours. This just a hurtful reality. It's no one's fault, but it is painful. 

It's not overstepping to express to him that there are things you'd really like to do together (walking, going to shows) that his weight is making more difficult. It's not overstepping to tell him you'd really be happy if he would participate in the weight loss with you. 

Focus on the activities you want to share. Don't mention appearance. Don't mention other people. (He probably will, because that is where the shame hits hardest). Stay focused on the quality of the time you two can share together.
This is grief. It's okay. Grieving is *exactly* what is happening right now.

Block Andy everywhere.

The only thing you need to consider, in the near future, is how you're going to address your parent's part in this, because this issue actually wasn't ever between you and Andy. It was between you and your parents, and Andy and your parents, but your parents foisted it onto you. They should never had said to talk to you about the value of the Honda. They should have said "The Honda was giving to her outright. So it's not ours anymore. She doesn't owe you half of it." And that is exactly what you should have said as well, when Andy asked "They gave it us outright. It's not theirs anymore. So it's not half yours. If you feel Mom and Dad owe you something or have agreed to help you get a car, talk to them."

Your parents chickened out and left you holding the bag for their choices with their unstable son. And you all failed to be totally clear with him, because you were fearful of him responding irrationally. You can see where that got you all in the end. 

Show them what was posted/texted to you. Explain you are currently going no contact with Andy and that is non-negotiable. Let them do with that information what they will. Hopefully, they will recognize they made mistakes that contributed to Andy's confusion and angry, irrational as it may be. Don't expect them to stay no-contact with him for long. They probably give right in to whatever his demands are. You stay out of it.
That's unfortuante, but again, I have been *abundantly* clear with you:

Unless my partner told me, very clearly, that the package needed to be signed for (or handed to an actual person for the delivery to be competedly, which is functionally the same thing here) I would not open that door. I would assume the package would be left, and we could grab it in a minute. 

You've asked a question. You clearly don't like my answer and that's fine. You probably should try to form the question about your relationship which is the actual issue here.

I'm done repeating myself. Good luck with it.
Yes. I would not open the door for a package that was going to be set down and left. I would wait a few minutes and then stand up and get it. I would not open my door to a stranger, not even one I may reasonably assume was a delivery person. I would not let an unexpected knocking person even know I was home, if I could help it. 

What's the actual issue here? Cause it's clearly not the package.
Dude, I was super clear. Unless my partner had *very specifically said it need to be signed for.* If it was just "a package" I'd assume it would be set down and we'd grab it in a min, without me opening the door for unknown person.

You got relationship issues? Communication issues? Consideration and respect issues? Ask about those actual issues. You asked about opening the door, and I answered with plenty of particulars and caveats. There is a logic to not answering the door that might, or might not, apply here.
I wouldn't have answered the door in that situation unless my partner had very, *very* specifically told me a package *needed to be signed for*. Otherwise, I'd expect they'd set it down and we'd grab it in a few mins. 

Doesn't matter what uniform they are wearing. Unless I know you're coming and why, I don't open the door for you. This means I also don't stand up and look through the peep hold, alerting you to the fact I'm home. Period. It's not an unreasonable boundary for a person to have in life, depending on where they live or have lived in the past. Most women I know operate in some sort of similar way. 

She may have been inconsiderate in this particular situation, but in general, her behaviour is within the range of normal.
There isn't much to do. It feels insufficient because you cannot actually control her, all you can do is starve her of all attention and dram to the best of your ability.

You block her everywhere. Neither of you ever respond again. You keep records of her behaviour in case you need to get the police involved.

You can both also consider warning your workplace or boss that you have an ex harassing you. Personally, I think it's good to get out in front of this in the workplace, and ask people to be cautious giving out your information or location. 

You need to trust your friends and network to not support this harassment. Talk to one or two of your closest friends about the harassment, and don't skimp on the word harassment, and let them know you are asking all your friends to keep information about your relationship and your wedding private, so as not to expose you to further abuse.

Anyone who doesn't completely agree with that, should be uninvited. But you don't have to deal with that right away. Right now you just have to lay down the law: Absolutely ZERO reply or contact with your ex from you and your fiance. Records for the police. Requests to friends to not share any information that could empower the abuser.
You cannot communicate yourself out of someone else's choice.

You cry yourself to sleep on the regular because he chooses to behave in ways that are at least inconsiderate, if not downright cruel.

Nothing you do is gonna magically change him. You've been clear. He's been consistent. This tactic works for him. He's sticking to it.

Date the man he has shown you very clearly he intends to continue to be, or don't date him at all.
Tell him the truth: You don't want to date him.

You don't think you're compataible. You have very different approaches to dating and building romantic connections.

Dating is always a risk. If you don't think this guy is a risk worth taking for you personally, be honest and upfront about that. It might seem mean, but really it's the kindest thing you can do is be clear and honest.

Even if you do decide to date, your favourite restaurant on your birthday is a lot of pressure to put on yourself. Go get a damn coffee on a Tuesday and keep expectations and pacing managed.
Keep your distance.

If they ask, give them a clear "No thank you." Don't make excuses. Don't be overly grateful or flattered. Don't compliment them or try to build them back up. Don't explain why. (Don't say you don't date coworkers unless you are serious about never dating a coworker, *ever*.) Don't try to protect their feelings too much because that will only make you unclear, and leave them with confusion or false hope.  

Be clear to be kind.

If they pull vague shit on you like "maybe we could..." be clear "That sounds like a bit like a date, and I don't want to go on a date."

It *feels* rude. It *feels* mean. Only because women are trained to be terrified of rejecting men and to never bruise their egos. But's not rude or mean. It's the kindest thing you can do to cut through the awkwardness as quickly as possible.
I wouldn't want to stay in a relationship with someone who spoke to me like that.

I also wouldn't want to stay in a relationship with someone who was always planning for the worst-case scenario, was chronically overthinking, or made me feel unsafe. 

Neither of you comes off smelling like roses here. Both of you probably have work to do. You need to figure out if it's work you're gonna do together or not.
Reality check: Fathers who ask for custody is court, get it. Almost always. They basically have to be drug-addicted and homeless before the court will take away all access (and even then, some sort of visitation would be likely).

Custody is unbalanced because men don't *seek it* \-- because so many couples default to the idea that the woman has primary or sole custody -- and so many men are unwilling to make the adjustments to their lives to have actual physical custody on a regular basis.

By your description, your husband will have little trouble getting shared custody. It will just take time to work through the system.

In the meantime, you need to regulate your emotions a bit better. Get some support, and spend some time with your family or friends. Get some space from this ongoing crisis. It's slow-moving by design, and that sucks, but that's the reality. Find some peace on the path.

Stick with the CBT. He's not gone for ever. That is a nightmare you're cooking up in your head. That is exactly the kind of irrational thinking your CBT should be helping you to manage.
Masturbation is healthy. Communication about sex is healthy. 

There is no issue here.

If you're uncomfortable hearing about it, ask him to keep this subject private. That is all. 

Feel however you feel, but recognize he is doing nothing wrong and this has nothing to do with you. You could be having vaginal intercourse every day of the week and he still might masturbate sometimes. It's perfectly healthy.
I think she is rather strong and secure. She is totally right the closure is largely myth, and that Kwame keeping circling back to Micah is completely bullshit. 

The trouble with Chelsea is that she is putting all her energy into someone who doesn’t want what she wants right now. That’s gonna make anyone look needy and demanding. She thinks if they work hard enough, they can make it work. It’s not the worst approach, but it’s also not true.

Not a red flag. Just a bad choice.
Nothing about this seems at all unusual.

Non-creepy men exist.

There is nothing to process. They had a friendly lunch.
It sounds like you’re just not compatible and it’s time to end this connection.

You’ll meet lots of people you vibe with, and can have fun dates with, but who just don’t fit as serious partners. 

Don’t get angry about it. Just accept it and let go of what doesn’t work.
It seems unlikely that your parents are truly worse than your “boyfriend”. 

They at least realized you need a job if you ever have a hope of escaping this predator. 

Call a domestic abuse hotline and ask for help. You’re in danger. You may not want to go home, but you cannot stay where you are.
I feel like this is saying a lot more about the comparative funding of public transit…
Ugh. That does make it way harder.

I’d still stick with the friendly lies “My friend had similar hair to yours and she went crazy for this stuff. Dads gonna grab some for you to try. Make sure you really work it in there with your nails and tell me how it goes!”

But ya really gotta keep your goals small. Offer. Everything is an offer. You have to not get invested in whether or not she takes you up on them. Discipline and hygiene are the parents job, regardless of whether or not your dad feels comfortable with it. Big sisters just offer with open hands.
Fair point. OP, Grace is old enough to visit you without the rest of the family. Can you make that work?
Go slow. Pick your battles based on how receptive your think she’ll be. I’d start here:

“I think I can help you get your hair looking cleaner. Would you like that?”

Leave your Dad out of it as much as you can. Don’t let your sister know you’ve been talking about her behind her back. If she says yes, you pick the products and you sit her back over a sink like they do at the salon.

If you can get over that hurtle, then you tell a little lie “Ya know, when I was a teen and my body changed I had a hard time with body odour too. Can I tell ya how I learned to deal with it?”

Sadly, none of this should be done unless she says Yes. If this becomes a discipline issue, it will just have to be your Dads job. Your role is only as an advisor, and advise requires her being consenting and open. You’re not the boss of her. You’re a person with just a bit more information than her who may have some good ideas to offer. 

You’re a good sister. Go slow. Really, really slow. Small steps. Tackle the easiest stuff first. Leave things like nails and skin care to end — if every — since those will feel the most like you’re trying to change who she is. Focus on growing up healthy. Not appearance.
Play stupid games, Win stupid prizes.

If you pull that stunt, expect it to be the beginning of the end. You'll be in race to be the bottom to see who can be *less interested*. 

Look, it's been 14 dates. If you want something other than what you have with this man, ask for it. Talk about timelines and expectations openly. Right now, you both sound be assuming the other person is also dating other people.

If you want something other than that, it's time to say so.
If she doesn't say that, then she isn't singlaing she wants more frequent contact. If she does say that, she might simply want more time with her friends after her breakup -- many people do.

Like I said, sooner rather than later you're gonna have to take the risk and communicate clearly. And it may not go well for you. That's life.
"What do you need?" "I have a few hours on X day. No pressure, but is there anything I can do for you? Or would you like to just hang out for a bit?" "I'm just thinking of you today and sending comforting vibes." "No worries if you don't respond. I know you're busy! I'm just offering anything I can." 

*It is repetitive.* Memes can be good for breaking up messages of support/affection. 

Reiterate that you don't need a response. Don't get bent outta shape if you don't get one. Let them off the hook explicitly.
If she suggests, concretely, doing something in the near future would be the most clear sign. (Not a vague "We should do this again" but a concrete. "I want to do X with you. Let's pick a time.")

No perfect clues, obviously. At some point you'll have to risk rejection, but that would be clearest sign she isn't just looking to catch up and then talk again in a few months.
Okay...You don't like her choices. You're just not compatible. 

Listing your grievances, real or imagined, isn't going to change my advice.
You're not compatible.

And your insecurities may make you toxic as all hell if you don't get a grip on them. There is a very real risk with this attitude, that no one will ever be *pure* enough for you. You seem to be looking for reasons to think less of them, and to minimize the connection you have. If you have a pattern of losing respect and affection for women because they are relatively normal human beings with full lives and don't commit to you with their hearts before they commit to you with their actual words, then you need to re-examine yourself.

But that doesn't make you and her compatible. You're simply not. So stop now.
You do nothing more than text, occasionally. Like an *actual friend*. For two weeks.

This is in a conversation you will best judge in person. See how the catch up goes. Don't develop an agenda beyond being her friend, and being willing to be transparent about your feelings of she appears open that conversation.

Don't try to jump the queue. Women are not vending machines. We don't just take the next guy in line the moment we're single.
That's kinda my point.

If you're communicating that unclearly, in the heat of frustration, even while taking the time to type and post to a bunch of random people online who can barely follow your story and understand the real issues in the hopes of giving you advice... one might suspect you are *also not communicating very clearly* with your wife, when the feelings are really intense and you actually give a damn about what she thinks!

This isn't r/venting. This is for advice. For advice to work we have to be able to understand one another.

Couples counselling. I don't know if this marriage can or should survive, but I know if this is how you communicate under stress, nothing is gonna get better.
You're trickling out information very randomly. You said "I skipped a chore due to lack of sex..." but then you totally didn't, cause it's her chore 90% of the time.

These two things aren't really related. They aren't the problem here.

If your communication with your wife is half as bad as it is here and you have any hope of continuing this marriage, go see a couples counsellor and get some tips and tactics, 'cause shesh -- whatever her struggles maybe  -- you're not painting a picture of yourself as someone who is easy to understand and place confidence in.
Your replies here are very strange.

This might boil down to: Don't be in a marriage you don't want to be in.
If you were actually trying to punish her -- if you skipped getting medications she thought you would get, without telling her -- then you were engaging in abuse. Outright, deliberate act of abuse of your partner. 

If you genuinely forgot, that is something different.

The lack of sex should have nothing, *nothing at all,* to with you communicating clearly whether or not you were able to pick up necessary medications on time.  These are not related issues.
You need mental health support. This is above the pay grade for rando advice online.

We cannot tell you if you're relationship is abusive based on what you've shared here. You may have reasons for concern, but you haven't expressed those reasons here.

What I can tell you is that the story you're telling right now about this event, doesn't line up with the reaction and fears you're expressing. The two things aren't in sync. That doesn't mean your reaction isn't "normal", but it does mean you haven't been able to line up your feelings and your words with your reality. Describing it as cuddling, but then checking carefully for bruising just doesn't make rational sense. One of those two things, is not reflecting reality.

Take those questions to a pro.
Was there a reason you set this boundary in the first place? Has he tried to choke you previously? Are there are other behaviors he engages in that you think might be abusive as well? Do you have some past trauma that can help you understand why you reacted the way you did?

Attempts at choking are absolutely abusive. And are the kind of abuse that is likely to escalate.

It doesn't *appear* here that either of you believed there was any intent to choke you. It *seems* that you both understand that a boundary was violated accidentally. Or, do you think someone else happened here besides that?

I think you'd benefit from getting some mental health support. Your reaction doesn't quite make sense in the context you've provided here. You could use some more support and a place to talk through the full details of what happened and what you thought about it.
Stick to your No. It is sad, but your answer was the right one: Editing services are professional services. Professionals are trained, and they get paid. Your father is asking your dedicated many hours to someone he's treating *as a hobby,* if he is not willing to pay for those professional services. 

And it's not your hobby.

If it was a profession, he'd be at least trying to engage and 'step up' to paying a professional editor. (And it sounds like, he's not pleasant for an editor to work with, is he?) 

You're 22. Your focus should be on your own path forward. Not on the potential "family" income from the book sales. Tell him you just can't commit the kind of time he's looking for and don't have the skills he needs to elevate his work. Let him pout it out.

Rachel Renee Russell makes very literally millions of dollars a year. Her daughter minored majored and education and minored in Fine Arts at the University of Michigan. She is being compensated for professional services. She's not supporting her mother's hobby for shits and giggles and thank yous.
Yes. She's an adult. You must tell her. 

If she's concerned there has been an error that might be additionally stressful for her. Tell her what you did, so she can plan appropriately.

"Hey, I didn't want this to confuse or worry you, but I wanted to give you this gift at this difficult time and I added $1000 to your account with your case worker."
They know. They know why they are unsafe. He at least doesn't care. Being a safe, respectful place for you is not something he values. Explaining will not make him care. It will only make you more vulnerable to his bad behaviour. Don't do that. Definitely don't do it yet.

Just tell your mother the hard facts of what is going to happen next: You will not be in his company again. From here on out, you will not speak to him or see him. You do not want an apology. You want zero contact with him. You are cutting him out of your life entirely. She is welcome in your life only if she respects that he is not. Be clear if that includes not talking about him, his opinions or any of her issues with him. If this means only seeing/visiting her outside of their shared home, say so. Be brutally clear.

This should really not be neogiatable. He's out. Neither he nor she is to ask about him being let back in. If you ever feel ready to tolerate his presence again in any way, you can initiate that conversation. If they try to pressure you, hang up, leave, walk away. It's not a conversation you will consent to be a part of.

If your mother cannot respect those terms, go extremely low contact until she realizes it's that, or nothing.

You are not a bad person. This is clearly a situation where you have to put your own oxygen mask on first. You cannot help your mother right now with her relationship.
No one is *only awful* to their female partners. 

A person who can betray in that context, will betray in others.

Generally speaking, if there is a risk of physical unsafety, I think you have a responsibility to either tell the other person, or to end all contact with the person who is harming them. 

I wouldn't stand by and watch my friend punch his GF. I won't stand by and watch him betray her sexually either. If you really cannot tell her, then the least you can do is draw firm boundaries and let him know he can no longer confide in you how he harming her.
Well then tell Jake that. *You know my BF Ryan lives there and we'll probably see him in the evenings a few times?*

Assuming you actually want to go with Jake.
Just say No. I mean, it doesn't sound like you want too anyways.  There has been a misunderstanding (and it might not be malicious). You travel frequently to X to see your boyfriend. If you go, you'll be spending a fair bit of time with your BF. If Jake is welcome, then say that. But be clear your BF lives there and would be a priority for any visit you made.

It's that simple. Don't try to read Jake's mind or defend any feelings you're assuming he has. Just tell him plainly what the deal is.

It's always valid for people to invite who they wanna invite and lots of people don't like hanging out with couples, but it's obviously silly to go to where your BF lives and expect to not include him in at least *most* activities.
It sounds like you're making a bigger deal of this than you need too.

It your partner feels they are missing something of great value in your shared sex life, it's on them to bring that up openly and respectfully. Stop twisting yourself into knots to provide something he's not even asking for. 

You don't find pleasure in it. Makes sense. *You* don't have a prostate. 

If you don't want to do it, don't. Stop assuming it's a such a big deal for him, when he's not even expressing that.
Your emotions are interfering. And that is a thing you can talk about, but it does mean the way you're currently engaging in the friendship isn't working for you... You're gonna have to think about what you need to do differently to allow this to be just a friendship and to kill the inappropriate expectations you have of him, as just a friend.

That probably means contact needs to be reduced for a while, and you need to quit the social media stalking behaviors that are upsetting you.
He's not your BF. You're not in the kind of relationship where it's appropriate to ask him to moderate his behavior like that. 

Think about the boundaries you need to have *for yourself*. Do you need to stop following him in IG for a while? Do you need to admit you're not actually friends, because your feelings run too deep for that? 

You can end a friendship if it leaves you feeling conflicted and unhappy.
Doing this without her consent is disgusting. No pass on that. You're not a child. That is knowable. That was not okay! What if a coworker or friend saw it thought she was cheating on her husband? Or that you had an open marriage? Give your head a shake. You're not *this* stupid. 

But No. The fact that realizing her attractiveness to other people made you more attractive to you is rather shallow, but perfectly human. Basically the entire physiological core behind kinks like hot-wifing and cuckolding.

What you need to learn how to do is find your Eurake moments without acting like a little shit first.
I think you need to accept he doesn't *want to* understand it.

The problem isn't with your communication. There isn't some perfect way you can phrase this to make him get the message. His current comfort is dependent on him NOT getting the message. If he got the message, he wouldn't get what he wants. So he won't. 

He is not confused. "Respect me as an equal and a partner when it comes to money matters and household chore division" is not that hard or complicated. **He's choosing not to listen to you when you say things he doesn't like.**
100%. This is totally "Me man have REASON. You lady have FEELINGS. Me right. You wrong." 

I hope OP can move pass the gaslighting and misplaced empathy to the boundaries and GTFO stage of this.
How the hell did you end up living with someone who refuses to communicate with you about money or about division of labour? That stonewalling shit is absolutely misogynistic. That’s not a _feels_. 

That’s a reality of a man who thinks the big calls are his to make and yours to live with.
You can’t make it right.

You made a choice. That choice had consequences.

You can, and should, apologize and admit wrong going without any excuse. Then leave him alone. He’s made his call. His call was clear, and reasonable.

Sometimes you just don’t get to make it right. The wrong stands. All you can is be better next time.
Pets don’t come into a home without all the adults in that household being fully onboard. 

There is no such thing as a pet that has _zero_ impact on the other person. 

If you’re not comfortable being the back up caregiver for a snake, no snake. Full stop.
I mean, it’s a views and followers economy and apologies are good content. Why wouldn’t they post apologies?
Oh, he’s just a chicken shit. A game-playing chicken shit.

Telling you would have felt awkward and vulnerable, so he didn’t. Talking about your past sex life was way more fun. 

And that’s the best case scenario. You know exactly what the worst case is. 

Reconsider being his friend. He wasn’t prepared to treat you like one.
Really? Cause it seems like he’s the one still at the teat here?
I’m sorry but that was extremely conveniently naive of you. 

He’s fine with his mothers behaviour because it means he doesn’t have to be accountable to her, or to you, financially. He’s comfortable with the trade off of her behaviour, for her cash. 

That’s not gonna change. Either live with it, or escape it.
Yeah. BF sounds like a little shit who is happy to let Mommy and GF fight it out passive aggressively because neither of them are willing to point at him and say “You. You’re being a shit.”
If parenting is important to you, consider now what your options are for doing it alone. You may not have any, but the women I know who started thinking that way at 30, basically designed their lives around it, were well equipped for single motherhood before 40 and are blissfully happy. So if parenthood is a goal, consider what that goals looks like without a partner. 

As for the dating, don’t sweat it. Dating it hard. In someways it’s harder when you’re older but that’s only because you have less time for bullshit and a richer, fuller life. There are plenty of men who will want you in your 30s. Plus a good chunk of 22 year old guys too… seriously, that part is a bit weird.
Your husband is getting rightly railed for basically wanting you to be “lesser than” again and to centre himself in the marriage. However, here are a few slightly valid points that might be buried beneath his ego:

The home space become a work space is disruptive, and blurs the line between working time and together time. You are subsidizing your work _with your shared home_. That’s a real thing that is happening and has to be acknowledged openly. 

It is more volatile! You could start loosing money, and quickly. And have to be difficult to admit it to yourself. It’s very easy for a personal business to turn into a loosing bet you cannot let go of. 

However, both of these issues can and should be addressed through open communication and balance. Not by putting his foot down like a stubborn toddler. As if he’s actually has control like that. 

I’d recommend marriage counselling. The answer right now from you should be along the lines of “I hear you’re seriously unhappy, but I will not be ordered around like a child. This conversation will be ongoing and for now I will continue as I am because it’s providing well for us all and it’s the best use I see for my time. Come to counselling with me and we can discuss what the future looks like in a respectful way.”
Honestly, not much imo. I don’t know many people who had kids in their 20s (on purpose) excepting those who choose lifetime secure careers with powerful unions and good pensions… it’s almost like economic security really helps. 

The risks exists, for both men and women, but for people in their 30s they remain pretty negligible. It’s all just the same shit we’ve been doing for decades: Shaming women for making choices that make them feel secure and empowered. Treating parenting as part hobby part biological obligation (or even a punishment) instead of a serious and very important bit of work that people who want to sign up for, should be empowered and supported.
It's okay to be hurt and disappointed, but confrontation doesn't seem helpful to anyone here, least of all yourself.

Plan a visit to see to them and bring a pre-made meal or some such chore-easing gift. Some Moms are up and active two months in... Many are still healing and not on anything like a schedule yet.
Every single bit of this is a BF problem. Not a mother problem.

* Your 32-year-old boyfriend has not prioritized or apparently, shared his plan with you, for paying down his education debt.
* Your BF has watched as your savings dwindled throughout this relationship, without comment or concern it seeems.
* Your BF has not spoken with you to create a realistic and responsible plan for the future.
* Your BF accepted money first towards his downpayment, then told his Mom she couldn't live there.

The mother isn't a problem. Really, she's not. She might not like you much. She may be toxic or abusive in other ways, but that isn't the issue here on the loan. The issue is your BF is not transparent with you about money and doesn't have an acceptable plan he can articulate to you about his debt.

I doubt he really plans to pay it all back, to be honest. I'd bet he's just accepted this holding pattern of low-key abuse until she dies or becomes incapacitated.
Nah. Marshall needs to be the fixer and Chelsea needs to be the decider. But Chelsea doesn't really need to be fixed, and Marshall communicates his own choices for himself so clearly and rationally that he'd frustrate her.

If they both got their own shit a bit better under control, maybe, but right this moment? No. They don't offer the other enough fuel.
100%. Brunette was *clearly* Queen Bee, and knew it, and was running circles round both Shelby and Micah.

Micah is a Gretchen Wieners in constant search of her Regina George. Literally, the nicest thing I can say about her.
Both of her friends were clearly jealous, if not of the engagement, then of the reality TV gig at least.

The "thing" they have is just standard, toxic enmeshment. Shelby is getting the headlines for her drunken mess, but I really felt she was just the meat shield.  Micayla was the Queen Bee and she knew *exactly* what she was up to spinning shit up and giving all those "compliments" to Micah that were not really compliments and all had ? at the end of them. Micayla knew how to bring the drama but keep her hands clean. Anyone with two brain cells to rub together could crush Shelby, which is why even Paul managed that. Micayla is the dangerous one. 

It *almost* made me sorry for Micah, because those dynamics can be hard to escape if you think that is what friendship is supposed to feel like. Almost, until she immediately joined the pack and turned on Paul like a hyena.
I have never had difficulty enforcing expectations and boundaries on my friends and my partner, without suggesting they are "competing" with one another for my time or attention.

Creating balance and boundaries doesn't require competition and conflict. That's not naive. That's just declining to live your life doing battle with needy children in grown-up bodies. Getting rid of partners (or friends) who have that framing has only gotten easier and easier.
No. Suggest she speak to a doctor, now, about her intention to try to get pregnant in the next year or two. It's a bit early for a preconception checkup, but there is no reason not to ask for one. If you don't have a family doctor, it's time for her to try seriously to find one. Let them tell her if her weight is a significant issue, because you don't actually know.  BMI is not a medically relevant scale and Google isn't med school. 75% of pregnant women are overweight. It's not the best-case scenario, but treating it like a crime isn't accurate either. 

Don't pretend to be an authority. Ask her to speak to an actual authority on what steps can be taken now, or in the coming year, to be in the best position possible when you're ready.  


Stop Googling about women's health before you fall down a real rabbit hole of truly inane bullshit.

  
The next step in her 'taking this seriously' is speaking to someone who is serious and informed.  


You're not out of bounds to want the best odds, but you're way out of your area of expertise and that is not where you start. You start by encouraging her to get support so she knows her timelines, has some goals, and is building relationships with her possible care team.
The median number of past sexual partners for an American woman age 25-49, is 4.3.

And nearly 25% of people age 25-29 are virgins. You're a minority, sure. But you're not a myth. And ya clearly have some baggage and bias associated with your perceptive status. 

If you're *only* meeting women with a history of gangbangs, something you're doing is the problem. Not women in general.

First step: Watch less porn. That's not "women". That's a reflection of your personal choices not lining up with what you claim to want in a partnership.

Second step: Seek therapy for your warped perspective on your own sexuality and the sexuality of others.
Yeah. Even more than mental health support, I think where LIB fails these people is by not providing them with a financial planner/pre-marital counselling on legal money matters. Like, just an hour and list of questions. Sesh.
I agree. From what we saw I thought Tiffany did a totally mature sort of "Um, but you're not racking up debt for this cool shit? Right?" vibe check. And she and Brett had some mostly healthy and mutual sounding joshing about *being bougie*. 

I suspect some of that was also Tiffany checking in on her own insecurities, about not bringing the same funds into the marriage that Brett clearly had. If I were Tiffany, that'd be a concern for me too. 

Hopefully, they had a more serious conversation about money off-camera, but if I was dating a guy who dressed like Brett did I would 100% want to make sure this was a luxury spend he had under control before I took steps forward with him. When I moved in with my current BF he had a *very* expensive hobby and I absolutely asked him pointed questions about how he balanced that with other spending priorities. And that was just moving in and splitting things 50/50! Not marriage.
Yeah. I didn't really catch the judgment in him either at that moment. It was more like Chealse was over-quick to defend herself when it *really* wasn't *that* pink. It was a single lady's apartment. Big shrug. 

There are lots of shitty conversations between these two but that one was rather sweet.
My BF likes pink more than I do. Our compromise was deep raspberry pink accent. I had to draw a really hard line against hot pink, baby pink, and pastel...
If you truly cannot control yourself, go talk to a good therapist who can give you a swift verbal kick the next time you get weak and help you approach new relationships without all the anxiety and trauma this shitty one has left you with.

No one else can solve this problem for you. You're gonna waste the rest of your 20s on this man's bullshit and have nothing to show for it if you don't wise up. I'm sorry to be so harsh, but it really is that simple. 

Stop performing that same drama with this guy that you two started with when you were like 17. It's not getting better. It's not likely to get better. Better exists for you someplace else, with someone else.
You're not friends any longer. You don't bring anything positive into one another lives.

You're not getting back together. You really shouldn't. Not even after therapy. 

The best help you can give both of you is accepting that six years of on and off, plus this toxicity and his untreated mental health issues, is to finally call it. End it for good. Grow with someone else. Someone who doesn't need you to play a perfectly calm therapist in order for them to meet the bare minimum standards of communication and be able to cope. 

Go be less insecure with someone who actually offers you security, and someone who can handle the fact that anger happens sometimes in a long-term relationship.
Break up with him.

You cannot stop him. He feels entitled to use the images and bodies of women he knows as his own personal porn stars. He doesn't care that they are not consenting or that isn't why those images exist, or that would reasonably be upset by this behavior, or that you are upset by this behaviour. He thinks he has the right to do this. He thinks he has the right to tell declare that his ex, his co-worker, his buddy's sister, is a porn star now. Because he wants her to be.

Don't sit around waiting to catch him. Break up with him because he doesn't value consent and that is dangerous and unworthy of trust.

Fantasizing, inside your own brain, is entirely different than choosing to curate photos of people you know and wank to them. Re-prosing photos is an action. Not a just a private thought. Only shitty little boys who don't care about consent, or respect women, like to pretend it isn't. Because the violation of women they know is pat of what they are enjoying. If it wasn't, they'd happily use all that free porn, no problem. 

The violation is the point. The lack of consent is the point. Get rid of him.
Nah. That would result in only contestants who had some fundamental relationship skills and were capable of transparency and honesty with those closest to them. 

Then there wouldn’t be a show.
Seems like his Mom just wouldn’t sign a waiver.
It was just awful. I had to fast forward a bit because Paul was working so hard to ignore how awful they were without insulting them directly. I suspect this is not his first encounter with Mean Girls, but how he didn’t realize Micah was one I don’t know. 

Queen bee Brunette was clearly deeply jealous and tossing shade in each of those “compliments” to Micah — knowing that sloshed blondey would do the dirty work for her — and lord did she! I was just shocked that Micah immediately defended her friends totally vague… something or other complaint about him? He was too articulate? Not self depreciating enough for her tastes? I dunno. My 3 year old niece better communicates her upsets than that woman did.

The nicest thing I can say about Kwame right now is that even he doesn’t deserve Micah.
Your BF used his sister to take the heat for him? When his friends sexualized one of their little sisters?

Look, your BF isn’t treating any woman that well if he only treats them well in private, and not when they are being exposed to abuse and ridicule. 

Withdraw your ultimatum. Don’t let your BF think it’s your job (or his sisters job) to fight his fights for him. Don’t let him make that the woman’s job too! He’s quickly becoming the kind of guy who blames the women for ‘making him’ not be a creep, so he doesn’t loose too much face with the asshole men. Expect him to demand his friends treat others with respect. If he really cannot hack that, dump him.

Don’t ride this out for long. He will use you, and your anger, as a shield from real consequences for he behaviour he is part of, and is condoning. And he will let them mock your rage to keep his friendship. If he’ll do it to his own sister, he’ll do it you.
All you can do is give good advice.

Ideally, kind and compassionate advice. 

Objectively, the age difference alone and the newness of the relationship are plenty enough to caution against a legal contract. But it’s not clear from your question that either of them are actually rushing into it. 

Stop calling her a divorcee and a single mother as if these are insults. It makes you sound like you’re in your 80s screaming at kids to get off your lawn. You will, quite rightly, loose credibility if you don’t accept that single parents and divorcees are not damaged goods. She’s not “in a situation”. She’s living a normal, perfectly valid and successful life by all reports here. 

And her career is the couples business, not yours. 

If this is a mistake, it’s your sons to make. Ask him questions. Be concerned for his happiness. Give him advice. Final decisions belong to him —  insulting her personally isn’t going to change that, it’s okay going to make you appear judgmental and unreliable.
You don’t need to understand. 

You’re 40. Be the adult here and cut him out. He’s clearly a toxic child who brings nothing of value to your life. How is this even a question? 

He played out his MILF fantasy and made some money while he did it. Hopefully you enjoyed you’re bizarre barely legal fun times too. Now he gets to play with you like a toy whenever he’s bored? No. Get rid of him. Block him everywhere. Seehs
You’re not crazy, and the hard truth is, you’re going to need to leave to change this dynamic. 

I’m the eldest daughter of 8 children. Google Eldest Daughter Syndrome and you will find you are not alone in your frustrations. Many are subjected to parentification, like you have been. In many cases, like yours, the finances of large families make it seem necessary, but it’s still not healthy or kind. 

While trying to speak to your mom is good, please recognize that real change is going to come from you. If your mom saw this problem clearly, she’d address it. But she seems to be trying to foist it off on your Dad instead of tackling it as as a team so the odds are against that happening. Re-invest in trying to find a job. (Summer camp work can be a great place for your Elder Sister skills to shine, with appropriate compensation and long periods away from home!) Start saving obsessively, and secretly. Plot your pathway out of this home. Inside this home, you will always be the eldest daughter. Only when you leave can you become an individual, just a sister, and a daughter, like you deserve to be.
Excuse me. You’re right. I need to be inclusive of my insane sisters!
Women aren’t a monolith. We don’t share a hive mind. We’re basically sane individuals. Like men.

If you’re looking to start a family, you should absolutely move to a lower cost of living area. Most women who want children will very, _very_ rationally balk at 33k in Greater London. If parenting is a goal, you should probably make some changes to make that more feasible, and as quickly as you can. 

That’s not about “providing a lifestyle”. That’s about being a compatible partner. Your heart isn’t gonna pay for summer camp or piano lessons. Very few women will feel secure having a family with you because women are basically rational. 

If you’re looking simply _date_, your financial health and living within your means is probably more important when it comes to compatibility. You’re not compatible with women who want a provider. So don’t pretend you are. 

Dating is hard. Everyone is screwed. You’re less of an outlier than you realize. It’s just that hard.
If he won’t acknowledge that he owes it to you, and to this marriage, to work on the issue that exists solely inside of his head and results in completely inappropriate and disrespectful behaviour towards you… then there is nothing you can to do fix this. 

He _can_ moderate both his feelings and his responses. He does so successfully in many areas of his life. He needs to recognize this one area where the skill is lacking and must be developed. 

There is no resolution without that accountability and realization. You cannot support him out of this _until_ he is dedicated to walking the path out of it. 

If you’re never going to get angry with him for this behaviour and never admit it’s damaging or endangering then the relationship, then it’s less likely he’ll ever be motivated to do that work. The status quo works for him if you simply walk on eggs shells until he’s triggered, absorb this behaviour each time and accept apologies without any real commitment to change. If you do that, it becomes your operating agreement. It’s the relationship you’re both choosing.
“BF, I need to be allowed to be angry with you sometimes. I _am angry_ with you and disappointed in your contributions. This isn’t surprising or unfair. I understand this hurts your feelings. I’m glad it hurts your feelings, because that means you give a damn and I need you to give enough of a damn to change it.”

ADHD creates struggles, not assholes. 

It can require some grace, but not a free pass on  off all the basics. Certainly, not a free pass on saying shitty things like “We need to do better” when “they do not contribute” is an existing issue. 

Your BF needs to recognize he needs to be a full participant in problem solving. That doesn’t mean he needs to be perfect, but that means recognizing your frustrations are valid and worthy of a thoughtful response, not a temper tantrum.
It’s okay if it’s not worth the risk to you right now. 

If you’re consistently finding the conversation is getting to the “We should probably meet” phase and you just… don’t want too. For whatever reason, then take a damn break from the apps.

Dating is risky — mostly emotionally. This fear of multiple peoples crazy exes seems _a bit_ catastrophizing to me… but if that is where you’re at, stop fighting it while chatting with individuals. Examine those anxieties on your own for a bit and rethink your goals/boundaries. 

I keep myself safe by picking the place. A friend knows where I am, and basic info of who I’m meeting, and if I am even the least bit uncomfortable, taking a very roundabout way home.

But most importantly: I don’t date when I’m not excited to date! If it seems not worth the trouble or stress, I pause the apps and go touch grass for a few months.

